URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/diy-processes/how-to-update-bank-account-details

How to Modify Bank Account Details? 4 mins read by Angel One Share Topics Covered Points to Note Process to Modify Bank Account Online Adding a new Bank Account Editing a Bank Account FAQs Points to Note Individual account holder If you are an individual account holder, you can update your bank details online using this link through Angel One App. The new bank account being added through the online process will automatically become your primary bank account. This means that any SEBI Payouts or automated fund settlements and dividends will be received in the primary bank account. Through the online process, you can add a new bank account or update the IFSC code (branch) of the existing bank account. The account being added must belong to the same person as the Angel account holder. You can add up to 5 bank accounts. If auto-verification of the bank account fails, a cancelled cheque needs to be uploaded for verification. Please have your Aadhaar card ready when requesting to e-sign the application online. Ensure your Aadhaar card is linked to your mobile number to complete the process. Joint account holder/ HUF account holder/ minor account holder/ NRI/ corporate account holder To update your bank details, you can raise a ticket here (Create Ticket —> Select Account Details under Category —> Select Profile Details under Sub-Category) and attach the filled-in bank modification form with relevant proof. Any of the documents from the below-mentioned list are accepted as valid bank proof – Bank account statement The front page should clearly show the client’s name, account number, IFSC code, and Micr code. Passbook The front page with the client’s name, account number, IFSC code and MICR code should be clearly visible. Canceled cheque If you are an HUF account holder, Karta’s signature and stamp are required. The bank proof must be in the name of the Karta, and only a HUF bank account can be added. If you are a joint account holder, the form will require the signature of all holders. The bank account and proof must be in the name of the first account holder. Both joint and individual accounts of the first account holder can be added as new bank accounts. If you are a corporate account holder, an authorized signatory signature and stamp are required. The bank modification form and proof are mandatory. If it’s a minor’s account , the minor’s bank account and guardian’s signature are required. If it’s an NRI account, then the bank modification form and proof is mandatory. Only Indian bank proof with NRE and NRO categories will be acceptable. Process to Modify Bank Account Online Step 1. Accessing the Bank Accounts option: Use this link to update your bank details or log in to the Angel One app, access the profile section from the home page.Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to log in . Step 2. Click on “Bank Accounts” under Manage accounts. You can add or edit bank accounts on this page. Adding a new Bank Account Step 1. Click on Add Bank Account Step 2. Enter the new bank account number and IFSC code Please make sure to add the bank account registered with Angel One account holder only Step 3. Check if the branch name is correct and click on continue Step 4. Automatic Bank account verification will be tried and you will be redirected to the e-sign page if verification is successful Step 5. In case the verification fails, you will get an option to either upload a cancelled cheque or try another bank Step 6. Upload the canceled cheque and proceed to e-sign Step 7. You will be redirected for esigning the request. Enter the Aadhaar details & OTP sent from Aadhaar on your mobile number Make sure to use your own aadhaar card for e-signing . Step 8. The request will be processed in 2-3 working days. Editing a Bank Account Step 1. Upon clicking “Bank Details,” all linked bank accounts will be displayed. Step 2. Click on the 3 dots icon against the bank you wish to modify and click on edit. Step 3. Enter the IFSC Code and click on continue Step 4. Automatic Bank account verification will be tried and you will be redirected to the e-sign page if verification is successful Step 5. In case the verification fails, you will get an option to either upload a cancelled cheque or try another bank Step 6. You will be redirected for e-signing the request. Enter the Aadhaar details & OTP sent from Aadhaar on your mobile number Make sure to use your own aadhaar card for e-signing Step 7. The request will be processed in 2-3 working days. FAQs How many times can a bank account be modified? A bank account can be modified any number of times. How many days will it take to reflect on account? It will take 2-3 business days to process the request. Is the IFSC code compulsory to modify a bank account? Yes, the IFSC code is compulsory to modify a bank account. Can I remove the bank account whenever required? Yes, you can remove or delete the bank account whenever required. Which documents are acceptable for modifying the bank account? The following documents are acceptable for modifying the bank account Bank Passbook (Latest 3 months transaction) Bank Statement (Latest 3 months transaction) Cancelled personalized cheque copy Banker’s verification letter having MICR and IFSC code along with Bank account number mentioned on it Is it possible to change a bank account using a third-party account? No, you can only change a bank account using your bank account. Share Topics Covered Points to Note Process to Modify Bank Account Online Adding a new Bank Account Editing a Bank Account FAQs Points to Note Individual account holder If you are an individual account holder, you can update your bank details online using this link through Angel One App. The new bank account being added through the online process will automatically become your primary bank account. This means that any SEBI Payouts or automated fund settlements and dividends will be received in the primary bank account. Through the online process, you can add a new bank account or update the IFSC code (branch) of the existing bank account. The account being added must belong to the same person as the Angel account holder. You can add up to 5 bank accounts. If auto-verification of the bank account fails, a cancelled cheque needs to be uploaded for verification. Please have your Aadhaar card ready when requesting to e-sign the application online. Ensure your Aadhaar card is linked to your mobile number to complete the process. Joint account holder/ HUF account holder/ minor account holder/ NRI/ corporate account holder To update your bank details, you can raise a ticket here (Create Ticket —> Select Account Details under Category —> Select Profile Details under Sub-Category) and attach the filled-in bank modification form with relevant proof. Any of the documents from the below-mentioned list are accepted as valid bank proof – Bank account statement The front page should clearly show the client’s name, account number, IFSC code, and Micr code. Passbook The front page with the client’s name, account number, IFSC code and MICR code should be clearly visible. Canceled cheque If you are an HUF account holder, Karta’s signature and stamp are required. The bank proof must be in the name of the Karta, and only a HUF bank account can be added. If you are a joint account holder, the form will require the signature of all holders. The bank account and proof must be in the name of the first account holder. Both joint and individual accounts of the first account holder can be added as new bank accounts. If you are a corporate account holder, an authorized signatory signature and stamp are required. The bank modification form and proof are mandatory. If it’s a minor’s account , the minor’s bank account and guardian’s signature are required. If it’s an NRI account, then the bank modification form and proof is mandatory. Only Indian bank proof with NRE and NRO categories will be acceptable. Process to Modify Bank Account Online Step 1. Accessing the Bank Accounts option: Use this link to update your bank details or log in to the Angel One app, access the profile section from the home page.Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to log in . Step 2. Click on “Bank Accounts” under Manage accounts. You can add or edit bank accounts on this page. Adding a new Bank Account Step 1. Click on Add Bank Account Step 2. Enter the new bank account number and IFSC code Please make sure to add the bank account registered with Angel One account holder only Step 3. Check if the branch name is correct and click on continue Step 4. Automatic Bank account verification will be tried and you will be redirected to the e-sign page if verification is successful Step 5. In case the verification fails, you will get an option to either upload a cancelled cheque or try another bank Step 6. Upload the canceled cheque and proceed to e-sign Step 7. You will be redirected for esigning the request. Enter the Aadhaar details & OTP sent from Aadhaar on your mobile number Make sure to use your own aadhaar card for e-signing . Step 8. The request will be processed in 2-3 working days. Editing a Bank Account Step 1. Upon clicking “Bank Details,” all linked bank accounts will be displayed. Step 2. Click on the 3 dots icon against the bank you wish to modify and click on edit. Step 3. Enter the IFSC Code and click on continue Step 4. Automatic Bank account verification will be tried and you will be redirected to the e-sign page if verification is successful Step 5. In case the verification fails, you will get an option to either upload a cancelled cheque or try another bank Step 6. You will be redirected for e-signing the request. Enter the Aadhaar details & OTP sent from Aadhaar on your mobile number Make sure to use your own aadhaar card for e-signing Step 7. The request will be processed in 2-3 working days. FAQs How many times can a bank account be modified? A bank account can be modified any number of times. How many days will it take to reflect on account? It will take 2-3 business days to process the request. Is the IFSC code compulsory to modify a bank account? Yes, the IFSC code is compulsory to modify a bank account. Can I remove the bank account whenever required? Yes, you can remove or delete the bank account whenever required. Which documents are acceptable for modifying the bank account? The following documents are acceptable for modifying the bank account Bank Passbook (Latest 3 months transaction) Bank Statement (Latest 3 months transaction) Cancelled personalized cheque copy Banker’s verification letter having MICR and IFSC code along with Bank account number mentioned on it Is it possible to change a bank account using a third-party account? No, you can only change a bank account using your bank account. Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered Use this link to update your bank details or log in to the Angel One app, access the profile section from the home page.Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to log in . You can add or edit bank accounts on this page. Please make sure to add the bank account registered with Angel One account holder only A bank account can be modified any number of times. It will take 2-3 business days to process the request. Yes, the IFSC code is compulsory to modify a bank account. Yes, you can remove or delete the bank account whenever required. The following documents are acceptable for modifying the bank account No, you can only change a bank account using your bank account. Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.