URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/intraday-trading/funds-payout-explained

Funds payout explained! 6 mins read by Angel One EN हिंदी తెలుగు ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் मराठी This article explains the entire process of withdrawing funds from your Angel One account in detail. It will help you answer any doubts you may have about funds withdrawals on Angel One Share Topics Covered When will the funds be credited to my account once I have placed a funds payout request? I added funds to my account today, but I am not able to withdraw them today. Why? I have placed the withdrawal request, but my trading balance has not been reduced why? Why have I received only a partial amount against my funds payout request? Why is my funds payout request rejected? I have sold the shares from my Demat account. When can I transfer the funds to my bank account? I have made a BTST (Buy Today, Sell Tomorrow) trade. When can I place a funds payout request? I have 2 bank accounts. I want to receive funds from my secondary bank account. What should I do? I have placed multiple withdrawal requests. Why was only one request processed at a time? Withdrawal of Funds from Your Angel One Account When can I place a withdrawal request in case of sell transactions? What are the different types of balances that you should look at? Update your bank account details How can I check the status of my withdrawal request? Can I cancel my withdrawal request? Regarding your funds payout rejection and limit updation? Conclusion Show More No matter how much you invest and in what instruments, there comes a time when you want to withdraw funds from your trading account. This process of transferring funds to a registered bank account is known as Funds Payout. In this article, we answer some of the key questions that users may have related to withdrawing funds from their Angel One account. When will the funds be credited to my account once I have placed a funds payout request? In Angel One, funds payout requests are processed twice a day for the convenience of traders. We will process your funds payout request as per the timeline given below. Days Payout Request Time Funds Credited By (approx) Monday to Friday 12:00 am – 07:00 am 11:30 am, Same Day 07:00 am – 05:30 pm 11:30 pm, Same Day 05:30 pm – 12:00 am 11:30 am, Next Working Day Suppose you have ₹1000 in your withdrawable balance on Monday. If you place a withdrawal request of ₹500 on Monday 11 am (i.e. between 7:00 am to 5:30 pm), your request will be processed at 5:30 pm, and you will receive credit by 11:30 pm. If you place a withdrawal request on Monday at 6 pm (i.e. between 5:30 pm today and 7:00 am of the next working day), your request will be processed at 7:00 am on Tuesday, and you will receive funds in your account by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Please Note: Angel One will process payout requests only on settlement days. After you place a request, funds will be credited according to the payout cycles as above. Any request received after the cut-off time/day will be processed on the next settlement/working day. Payout requests and credits will not be processed on Saturday, Sunday, and on NSE Clearing Holidays (Maharashtra Bank Holidays). Below is the list of NSE Clearing Holidays – Sr. No Date Day Description 1 19-Feb-2025 Wednesday Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Jayanti 2 26-Feb-2025 Wednesday Mahashivratri 3 14-Mar-2025 Friday Holi 4 31-Mar-2025 Monday Id-Ul-Fitr (Ramadan Eid) 5 01-Apr-2025 Tuesday Annual Bank closing 6 10-Apr-2025 Thursday Shri Mahavir Jayanti 7 14-Apr-2025 Monday Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar Jayanti 8 18-Apr-2025 Friday Good Friday 9 01-May-2025 Thursday Maharashtra Day 10 12-May-2025 Monday Buddha Pournima 11 15-Aug-2025 Friday Independence Day / Parsi New Year 12 27-Aug-2025 Wednesday Shri Ganesh Chaturthi 13 05-Sep-2025 Friday Id-E-Milad 14 02-Oct-2025 Thursday Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti/Dussehra 15 21-Oct-2025 Tuesday Diwali Laxmi Pujan 16 22-Oct-2025 Wednesday Balipratipada 17 05-Nov-2025 Wednesday Prakash Gurpurb Sri Guru Nanak Dev 18 25-Dec-2025 Thursday Christmas Why is my withdrawable balance zero or not matching my trading account balance? You have unsettled balances in your account. It can happen because of the following reasons: For delivery sell transactions: You can withdraw the amount on T+1 day (Next working day). For example – You have a ₹1000 delivery sell transaction on Monday. You can withdraw these on Tuesday. So on Monday, you will see withdrawable balance as zero and unsettled balance as ₹1000.. Funds received from exiting F&O positions can be withdrawn on T +1 day (next working day). For example – You have a ₹1000 F&O sell transaction on Monday. You can withdraw these on Tuesday. So on Monday, you will see the withdrawable balance as zero and the unsettled balance as ₹1000. Funds that you have added during the day can be withdrawn on the following day. For example, if you added ₹1000 on Monday, you will still be able to see the withdrawable balance as Zero on Monday. Say you add ₹500 on Tuesday. Your withdrawable balance will be ₹1000 (which you had added earlier that day. The ₹500 of today will not be visible in your withdrawable balance). I added funds to my account today, but I am not able to withdraw them today. Why? Funds added cannot be withdrawn on the same day. They can be withdrawn only on T+1 day (the next working day) onwards. For example, if you added ₹10,000 on 22-Nov-22, then you can withdraw it only on 23-Nov-22. Please Note: If you have added funds through Net Banking/Payment Aggregator, you can place a withdrawal request only after the funds are settled through the banking channel. I have placed the withdrawal request, but my trading balance has not been reduced why? Kindly check if the next payout cycle has started yet. If not, the withdrawal request will be processed only once the payout cycle has started. Overall, the withdrawal process also takes the minimum processing time. Until the payout cycle starts, you can still trade assets using the entire available balance, even if you have placed a withdrawal request. For example, you have ₹1000 in your account and have placed a withdrawal request for the entire amount. But the amount has not been withdrawn yet, while the stock market has already opened. At this point, say you buy a stock worth ₹200 – so ₹200 is used up while ₹800 remains. Therefore, when the withdrawal happens, only ₹800 will be withdrawn. The remaining ₹200 withdrawal will be executed once the account again has ₹200 or more. Why have I received only a partial amount against my funds payout request? You have received partial funds against your withdrawal because of either of the following reasons: Margin requirements Initiated new trade Accrual charges For example: Assume you have ₹1000 as a withdrawable balance at the beginning of the day i.e. 9:00 am. And you have placed a funds payout request of ₹1000. After placing the request, you entered into an intraday trade and suffered a loss of Rs. 100 (including Brokerage, Taxes, and other statutory charges), leaving your clear ledger balance to be ₹900. Hence, when your withdrawal request is processed, you will receive ₹900 in your account and not ₹1000. In this case, the loss of ₹100 due to the intraday transaction modified the amount you received. Similarly, if there is any change in the margin requirements or any accrual charges that need payment, you will receive only a partial amount. Why is my funds payout request rejected? Your withdrawal request can be rejected for the following reasons: You have entered a new trade The margin requirement has changed Inadequate balance in your account I have sold the shares from my Demat account. When can I transfer the funds to my bank account? As per the settlement cycle, you can place funds withdrawal requests on the following days. For delivery sell transactions and F&O transactions, funds payout requests can be placed on T+1 day (Next working day). I have made a BTST (Buy Today, Sell Tomorrow) trade. When can I place a funds payout request? In BTST transactions, withdrawal requests can be placed on T+1 day (The next working day) after the selling transaction is executed. I have 2 bank accounts. I want to receive funds from my secondary bank account. What should I do? While withdrawing, Angel One gives you the option to select a bank account in which you want to receive the funds. The amount will get credited to the bank account you have chosen. I have placed multiple withdrawal requests. Why was only one request processed at a time? If you place multiple withdrawal requests with different bank accounts within the payout cycle, the system will process only one bank’s withdrawal request at a time. The other withdrawal requests will remain pending until the next payout processing cycle. For example: If you place a withdrawal request on Monday at 11:00 am for Bank A and at 12:00 pm for Bank B (i.e., between 07:00 am and 05:30 pm), only one of the payout requests (i.e., either Bank A or Bank B) will be processed at 05:30 pm and credited to your account by 11:30 pm. The payout request of Bank B will be processed in the next payout cycle (i.e., on Tuesday at 7:00 am) and credited to your account by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Before you leave, let us go over the entire funds payout process. Withdrawal of Funds from Your Angel One Account With Angel One, you can easily place a funds payout (withdrawal) request on our platform and receive it directly in the bank account linked to your trading account. The benefits of using an Angel One trading account are: You can attach multiple bank accounts with the correct bank details. No restriction as to receiving funds only in your primary bank account. You can receive money in your selected bank account. Before making funds withdrawal requests, you must check the “Withdrawable Balance” in your account. You should also know that the “Withdrawable Balance” may be less than the “Funds” available as a portion may be withheld against Margin requirements Brokerage charges Other statutory charges, etc. The funds payout process with Angel One is entirely digital and straightforward. Follow the below steps to withdraw funds. Go to the ‘Account’ section after logging in Click the ‘Withdraw’ button Enter the amount you want to withdraw from the withdrawable balance and click the bank to which you want the money to be withdrawn. Click ‘Proceed’ to submit the request Figure 1 : Process of withdrawal of funds When can I place a withdrawal request in case of sell transactions? As per the settlement cycle, you can place a funds payout request on the below-mentioned days. For delivery sell transactions, a payout request can be placed on the T+1 day (next working day). For F&O transactions, fund payout requests can be placed on T+1 day (next working day). For example, you have sold equity shares of ABC Limited on Monday. In that case, your funds will be released on T+1 day (The next working day), i.e. Tuesday, assuming that there are no trading holidays between Monday and Tuesday. So, you will be able to place the funds payout request on Tuesday. What are the different types of balances that you should look at? Withdrawable balance – The total available balance in your account that can be withdrawn from your bank account is the withdrawable balance. The withdrawable amount can differ from the total trading balance shown in your trading account. Unsettled balance – If a user earns a profit today and tries to withdraw the amount today, even though the amount from all the transactions has not been settled yet, then this amount is counted as an unsettled balance. Total balance – The total balance can be found by adding the withdrawable balance and the unsettled balance – it is the total amount that the user is entitled to at that point in time. Update your bank account details IFSC codes and account numbers have been changed for several banks due to the recent mergers. For example, the Oriental Bank of Commerce & United Bank of India merged with the Punjab National Bank and more. So, if your bank has recently merged or amalgamated, then please make sure that your account number and IFSC code are updated on our app. The old IFSC code will not be valid for any of the online transactions. For some of the users account numbers might have been changed too. So, to continue enjoying hassle-free pay-ins/payouts with Angel One, you need to ensure that your bank details, like IFSC code, account number, etc., are correct. You can do so online by visiting the profile section of our app. Check the below table to know if your bank is on the list of merged banks. Merged Banks Acquired by Andhra Bank Union Bank of India Corporation Bank Oriental Bank of Commerce Punjab National Bank United Bank of India Allahabad Bank Indian Bank Syndicate Bank Canara Bank Vijaya Bank Bank of Baroda Dena Bank State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur State Bank of India State Bank of Hyderabad State Bank of Mysore State Bank of Patiala State Bank of Travancore Bharatiya Mahila Bank How can I check the status of my withdrawal request? You can easily check the status and other details of your requests for withdrawals as well as other transactions. To do so, visit the “ACCOUNT” section of the app, go to the section named “VIEW FUNDS TRANSACTION DETAILS”, and then view the “Funds Withdrawn”. Under the Funds Withdrawn section, you can click on any of your withdrawal requests and view its details, such as the status of the request and the expected credit time of the requested amount in your bank account. Figure 2: Transaction details (left) and section individual withdrawal details section (right) Can I cancel my withdrawal request? Yes, if the payout cycle has not started yet, you can cancel your withdrawal request. For example, if you made a withdrawal request at 6:30 am on a Monday morning, you can easily cancel it at 6:50 am because the payout cycle does not start until 7:00 am on Mondays. You can check from the above table when Angel One’s payout cycles are effective. For non-traded users, the processing of the request for funds withdrawal starts within a few minutes of the placement of the request. However, you can still cancel the request if you can send your request for cancellation within that time window. Regarding your funds payout rejection and limit updation? AOL shall endeavour to give the payout rejection effect in ledger within T+1 Working day. Kindly know that trading limits or withdrawable balances in such a case will reflect within T+2 working days only after the payout rejection information is shared by the bank. Conclusion Transferring funds from your trading account to your bank account is hassle-free and convenient with Angel One. However, to avoid rejection, check the withdrawable balance and adhere to the timeline above before placing a withdrawal request. Click on the embedded links to withdraw funds instantly through our app or web platform. If you have any further problems, check out our FAQs page or reach out to us . Share Topics Covered When will the funds be credited to my account once I have placed a funds payout request? I added funds to my account today, but I am not able to withdraw them today. Why? I have placed the withdrawal request, but my trading balance has not been reduced why? Why have I received only a partial amount against my funds payout request? Why is my funds payout request rejected? I have sold the shares from my Demat account. When can I transfer the funds to my bank account? I have made a BTST (Buy Today, Sell Tomorrow) trade. When can I place a funds payout request? I have 2 bank accounts. I want to receive funds from my secondary bank account. What should I do? I have placed multiple withdrawal requests. Why was only one request processed at a time? Withdrawal of Funds from Your Angel One Account When can I place a withdrawal request in case of sell transactions? What are the different types of balances that you should look at? Update your bank account details How can I check the status of my withdrawal request? Can I cancel my withdrawal request? Regarding your funds payout rejection and limit updation? Conclusion Show More No matter how much you invest and in what instruments, there comes a time when you want to withdraw funds from your trading account. This process of transferring funds to a registered bank account is known as Funds Payout. In this article, we answer some of the key questions that users may have related to withdrawing funds from their Angel One account. When will the funds be credited to my account once I have placed a funds payout request? In Angel One, funds payout requests are processed twice a day for the convenience of traders. We will process your funds payout request as per the timeline given below. Days Payout Request Time Funds Credited By (approx) Monday to Friday 12:00 am – 07:00 am 11:30 am, Same Day 07:00 am – 05:30 pm 11:30 pm, Same Day 05:30 pm – 12:00 am 11:30 am, Next Working Day Suppose you have ₹1000 in your withdrawable balance on Monday. If you place a withdrawal request of ₹500 on Monday 11 am (i.e. between 7:00 am to 5:30 pm), your request will be processed at 5:30 pm, and you will receive credit by 11:30 pm. If you place a withdrawal request on Monday at 6 pm (i.e. between 5:30 pm today and 7:00 am of the next working day), your request will be processed at 7:00 am on Tuesday, and you will receive funds in your account by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Please Note: Angel One will process payout requests only on settlement days. After you place a request, funds will be credited according to the payout cycles as above. Any request received after the cut-off time/day will be processed on the next settlement/working day. Payout requests and credits will not be processed on Saturday, Sunday, and on NSE Clearing Holidays (Maharashtra Bank Holidays). Below is the list of NSE Clearing Holidays – Sr. No Date Day Description 1 19-Feb-2025 Wednesday Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Jayanti 2 26-Feb-2025 Wednesday Mahashivratri 3 14-Mar-2025 Friday Holi 4 31-Mar-2025 Monday Id-Ul-Fitr (Ramadan Eid) 5 01-Apr-2025 Tuesday Annual Bank closing 6 10-Apr-2025 Thursday Shri Mahavir Jayanti 7 14-Apr-2025 Monday Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar Jayanti 8 18-Apr-2025 Friday Good Friday 9 01-May-2025 Thursday Maharashtra Day 10 12-May-2025 Monday Buddha Pournima 11 15-Aug-2025 Friday Independence Day / Parsi New Year 12 27-Aug-2025 Wednesday Shri Ganesh Chaturthi 13 05-Sep-2025 Friday Id-E-Milad 14 02-Oct-2025 Thursday Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti/Dussehra 15 21-Oct-2025 Tuesday Diwali Laxmi Pujan 16 22-Oct-2025 Wednesday Balipratipada 17 05-Nov-2025 Wednesday Prakash Gurpurb Sri Guru Nanak Dev 18 25-Dec-2025 Thursday Christmas Why is my withdrawable balance zero or not matching my trading account balance? You have unsettled balances in your account. It can happen because of the following reasons: For delivery sell transactions: You can withdraw the amount on T+1 day (Next working day). For example – You have a ₹1000 delivery sell transaction on Monday. You can withdraw these on Tuesday. So on Monday, you will see withdrawable balance as zero and unsettled balance as ₹1000.. Funds received from exiting F&O positions can be withdrawn on T +1 day (next working day). For example – You have a ₹1000 F&O sell transaction on Monday. You can withdraw these on Tuesday. So on Monday, you will see the withdrawable balance as zero and the unsettled balance as ₹1000. Funds that you have added during the day can be withdrawn on the following day. For example, if you added ₹1000 on Monday, you will still be able to see the withdrawable balance as Zero on Monday. Say you add ₹500 on Tuesday. Your withdrawable balance will be ₹1000 (which you had added earlier that day. The ₹500 of today will not be visible in your withdrawable balance). I added funds to my account today, but I am not able to withdraw them today. Why? Funds added cannot be withdrawn on the same day. They can be withdrawn only on T+1 day (the next working day) onwards. For example, if you added ₹10,000 on 22-Nov-22, then you can withdraw it only on 23-Nov-22. Please Note: If you have added funds through Net Banking/Payment Aggregator, you can place a withdrawal request only after the funds are settled through the banking channel. I have placed the withdrawal request, but my trading balance has not been reduced why? Kindly check if the next payout cycle has started yet. If not, the withdrawal request will be processed only once the payout cycle has started. Overall, the withdrawal process also takes the minimum processing time. Until the payout cycle starts, you can still trade assets using the entire available balance, even if you have placed a withdrawal request. For example, you have ₹1000 in your account and have placed a withdrawal request for the entire amount. But the amount has not been withdrawn yet, while the stock market has already opened. At this point, say you buy a stock worth ₹200 – so ₹200 is used up while ₹800 remains. Therefore, when the withdrawal happens, only ₹800 will be withdrawn. The remaining ₹200 withdrawal will be executed once the account again has ₹200 or more. Why have I received only a partial amount against my funds payout request? You have received partial funds against your withdrawal because of either of the following reasons: Margin requirements Initiated new trade Accrual charges For example: Assume you have ₹1000 as a withdrawable balance at the beginning of the day i.e. 9:00 am. And you have placed a funds payout request of ₹1000. After placing the request, you entered into an intraday trade and suffered a loss of Rs. 100 (including Brokerage, Taxes, and other statutory charges), leaving your clear ledger balance to be ₹900. Hence, when your withdrawal request is processed, you will receive ₹900 in your account and not ₹1000. In this case, the loss of ₹100 due to the intraday transaction modified the amount you received. Similarly, if there is any change in the margin requirements or any accrual charges that need payment, you will receive only a partial amount. Why is my funds payout request rejected? Your withdrawal request can be rejected for the following reasons: You have entered a new trade The margin requirement has changed Inadequate balance in your account I have sold the shares from my Demat account. When can I transfer the funds to my bank account? As per the settlement cycle, you can place funds withdrawal requests on the following days. For delivery sell transactions and F&O transactions, funds payout requests can be placed on T+1 day (Next working day). I have made a BTST (Buy Today, Sell Tomorrow) trade. When can I place a funds payout request? In BTST transactions, withdrawal requests can be placed on T+1 day (The next working day) after the selling transaction is executed. I have 2 bank accounts. I want to receive funds from my secondary bank account. What should I do? While withdrawing, Angel One gives you the option to select a bank account in which you want to receive the funds. The amount will get credited to the bank account you have chosen. I have placed multiple withdrawal requests. Why was only one request processed at a time? If you place multiple withdrawal requests with different bank accounts within the payout cycle, the system will process only one bank’s withdrawal request at a time. The other withdrawal requests will remain pending until the next payout processing cycle. For example: If you place a withdrawal request on Monday at 11:00 am for Bank A and at 12:00 pm for Bank B (i.e., between 07:00 am and 05:30 pm), only one of the payout requests (i.e., either Bank A or Bank B) will be processed at 05:30 pm and credited to your account by 11:30 pm. The payout request of Bank B will be processed in the next payout cycle (i.e., on Tuesday at 7:00 am) and credited to your account by 11:30 am on Tuesday. Before you leave, let us go over the entire funds payout process. Withdrawal of Funds from Your Angel One Account With Angel One, you can easily place a funds payout (withdrawal) request on our platform and receive it directly in the bank account linked to your trading account. The benefits of using an Angel One trading account are: You can attach multiple bank accounts with the correct bank details. No restriction as to receiving funds only in your primary bank account. You can receive money in your selected bank account. Before making funds withdrawal requests, you must check the “Withdrawable Balance” in your account. You should also know that the “Withdrawable Balance” may be less than the “Funds” available as a portion may be withheld against Margin requirements Brokerage charges Other statutory charges, etc. The funds payout process with Angel One is entirely digital and straightforward. Follow the below steps to withdraw funds. Go to the ‘Account’ section after logging in Click the ‘Withdraw’ button Enter the amount you want to withdraw from the withdrawable balance and click the bank to which you want the money to be withdrawn. Click ‘Proceed’ to submit the request Figure 1 : Process of withdrawal of funds When can I place a withdrawal request in case of sell transactions? As per the settlement cycle, you can place a funds payout request on the below-mentioned days. For delivery sell transactions, a payout request can be placed on the T+1 day (next working day). For F&O transactions, fund payout requests can be placed on T+1 day (next working day). For example, you have sold equity shares of ABC Limited on Monday. In that case, your funds will be released on T+1 day (The next working day), i.e. Tuesday, assuming that there are no trading holidays between Monday and Tuesday. So, you will be able to place the funds payout request on Tuesday. What are the different types of balances that you should look at? Withdrawable balance – The total available balance in your account that can be withdrawn from your bank account is the withdrawable balance. The withdrawable amount can differ from the total trading balance shown in your trading account. Unsettled balance – If a user earns a profit today and tries to withdraw the amount today, even though the amount from all the transactions has not been settled yet, then this amount is counted as an unsettled balance. Total balance – The total balance can be found by adding the withdrawable balance and the unsettled balance – it is the total amount that the user is entitled to at that point in time. Update your bank account details IFSC codes and account numbers have been changed for several banks due to the recent mergers. For example, the Oriental Bank of Commerce & United Bank of India merged with the Punjab National Bank and more. So, if your bank has recently merged or amalgamated, then please make sure that your account number and IFSC code are updated on our app. The old IFSC code will not be valid for any of the online transactions. For some of the users account numbers might have been changed too. So, to continue enjoying hassle-free pay-ins/payouts with Angel One, you need to ensure that your bank details, like IFSC code, account number, etc., are correct. You can do so online by visiting the profile section of our app. Check the below table to know if your bank is on the list of merged banks. Merged Banks Acquired by Andhra Bank Union Bank of India Corporation Bank Oriental Bank of Commerce Punjab National Bank United Bank of India Allahabad Bank Indian Bank Syndicate Bank Canara Bank Vijaya Bank Bank of Baroda Dena Bank State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur State Bank of India State Bank of Hyderabad State Bank of Mysore State Bank of Patiala State Bank of Travancore Bharatiya Mahila Bank How can I check the status of my withdrawal request? You can easily check the status and other details of your requests for withdrawals as well as other transactions. To do so, visit the “ACCOUNT” section of the app, go to the section named “VIEW FUNDS TRANSACTION DETAILS”, and then view the “Funds Withdrawn”. Under the Funds Withdrawn section, you can click on any of your withdrawal requests and view its details, such as the status of the request and the expected credit time of the requested amount in your bank account. Figure 2: Transaction details (left) and section individual withdrawal details section (right) Can I cancel my withdrawal request? Yes, if the payout cycle has not started yet, you can cancel your withdrawal request. For example, if you made a withdrawal request at 6:30 am on a Monday morning, you can easily cancel it at 6:50 am because the payout cycle does not start until 7:00 am on Mondays. You can check from the above table when Angel One’s payout cycles are effective. For non-traded users, the processing of the request for funds withdrawal starts within a few minutes of the placement of the request. However, you can still cancel the request if you can send your request for cancellation within that time window. Regarding your funds payout rejection and limit updation? AOL shall endeavour to give the payout rejection effect in ledger within T+1 Working day. Kindly know that trading limits or withdrawable balances in such a case will reflect within T+2 working days only after the payout rejection information is shared by the bank. Conclusion Transferring funds from your trading account to your bank account is hassle-free and convenient with Angel One. However, to avoid rejection, check the withdrawable balance and adhere to the timeline above before placing a withdrawal request. Click on the embedded links to withdraw funds instantly through our app or web platform. If you have any further problems, check out our FAQs page or reach out to us . Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered No matter how much you invest and in what instruments, there comes a time when you want to withdraw funds from your trading account. This process of transferring funds to a registered bank account is known as Funds Payout. In this article, we answer some of the key questions that users may have related to withdrawing funds from their Angel One account. In Angel One, funds payout requests are processed twice a day for the convenience of traders. We will process your funds payout request as per the timeline given below. Suppose you have ₹1000 in your withdrawable balance on Monday. Please Note: Below is the list of NSE Clearing Holidays – Why is my withdrawable balance zero or not matching my trading account balance? You have unsettled balances in your account. It can happen because of the following reasons: For example – You have a ₹1000 delivery sell transaction on Monday. You can withdraw these on Tuesday. So on Monday, you will see withdrawable balance as zero and unsettled balance as ₹1000.. For example – You have a ₹1000 F&O sell transaction on Monday. You can withdraw these on Tuesday. So on Monday, you will see the withdrawable balance as zero and the unsettled balance as ₹1000. For example, if you added ₹1000 on Monday, you will still be able to see the withdrawable balance as Zero on Monday. Say you add ₹500 on Tuesday. Your withdrawable balance will be ₹1000 (which you had added earlier that day. The ₹500 of today will not be visible in your withdrawable balance). Funds added cannot be withdrawn on the same day. They can be withdrawn only on T+1 day (the next working day) onwards. For example, if you added ₹10,000 on 22-Nov-22, then you can withdraw it only on 23-Nov-22. Please Note: If you have added funds through Net Banking/Payment Aggregator, you can place a withdrawal request only after the funds are settled through the banking channel. Kindly check if the next payout cycle has started yet. If not, the withdrawal request will be processed only once the payout cycle has started. Overall, the withdrawal process also takes the minimum processing time. Until the payout cycle starts, you can still trade assets using the entire available balance, even if you have placed a withdrawal request. For example, you have ₹1000 in your account and have placed a withdrawal request for the entire amount. But the amount has not been withdrawn yet, while the stock market has already opened. At this point, say you buy a stock worth ₹200 – so ₹200 is used up while ₹800 remains. Therefore, when the withdrawal happens, only ₹800 will be withdrawn. The remaining ₹200 withdrawal will be executed once the account again has ₹200 or more. You have received partial funds against your withdrawal because of either of the following reasons: For example: Assume you have ₹1000 as a withdrawable balance at the beginning of the day i.e. 9:00 am. And you have placed a funds payout request of ₹1000. After placing the request, you entered into an intraday trade and suffered a loss of Rs. 100 (including Brokerage, Taxes, and other statutory charges), leaving your clear ledger balance to be ₹900. Hence, when your withdrawal request is processed, you will receive ₹900 in your account and not ₹1000. In this case, the loss of ₹100 due to the intraday transaction modified the amount you received. Similarly, if there is any change in the margin requirements or any accrual charges that need payment, you will receive only a partial amount. Your withdrawal request can be rejected for the following reasons: As per the settlement cycle, you can place funds withdrawal requests on the following days. For delivery sell transactions and F&O transactions, funds payout requests can be placed on T+1 day (Next working day). In BTST transactions, withdrawal requests can be placed on T+1 day (The next working day) after the selling transaction is executed. While withdrawing, Angel One gives you the option to select a bank account in which you want to receive the funds. The amount will get credited to the bank account you have chosen. If you place multiple withdrawal requests with different bank accounts within the payout cycle, the system will process only one bank’s withdrawal request at a time. The other withdrawal requests will remain pending until the next payout processing cycle. For example: With Angel One, you can easily place a funds payout (withdrawal) request on our platform and receive it directly in the bank account linked to your trading account. The benefits of using an Angel One trading account are: Before making funds withdrawal requests, you must check the “Withdrawable Balance” in your account. You should also know that the “Withdrawable Balance” may be less than the “Funds” available as a portion may be withheld against The funds payout process with Angel One is entirely digital and straightforward. Follow the below steps to withdraw funds. Figure 1 : Process of withdrawal of funds As per the settlement cycle, you can place a funds payout request on the below-mentioned days. For example, you have sold equity shares of ABC Limited on Monday. In that case, your funds will be released on T+1 day (The next working day), i.e. Tuesday, assuming that there are no trading holidays between Monday and Tuesday. So, you will be able to place the funds payout request on Tuesday. Withdrawable balance – The total available balance in your account that can be withdrawn from your bank account is the withdrawable balance. The withdrawable amount can differ from the total trading balance shown in your trading account. Unsettled balance – If a user earns a profit today and tries to withdraw the amount today, even though the amount from all the transactions has not been settled yet, then this amount is counted as an unsettled balance. Total balance – The total balance can be found by adding the withdrawable balance and the unsettled balance – it is the total amount that the user is entitled to at that point in time. IFSC codes and account numbers have been changed for several banks due to the recent mergers. For example, the Oriental Bank of Commerce & United Bank of India merged with the Punjab National Bank and more. So, if your bank has recently merged or amalgamated, then please make sure that your account number and IFSC code are updated on our app. The old IFSC code will not be valid for any of the online transactions. For some of the users account numbers might have been changed too. So, to continue enjoying hassle-free pay-ins/payouts with Angel One, you need to ensure that your bank details, like IFSC code, account number, etc., are correct. You can do so online by visiting the profile section of our app. Check the below table to know if your bank is on the list of merged banks. You can easily check the status and other details of your requests for withdrawals as well as other transactions. To do so, visit the “ACCOUNT” section of the app, go to the section named “VIEW FUNDS TRANSACTION DETAILS”, and then view the “Funds Withdrawn”. Under the Funds Withdrawn section, you can click on any of your withdrawal requests and view its details, such as the status of the request and the expected credit time of the requested amount in your bank account. Figure 2: Transaction details (left) and section individual withdrawal details section (right) Yes, if the payout cycle has not started yet, you can cancel your withdrawal request. For example, if you made a withdrawal request at 6:30 am on a Monday morning, you can easily cancel it at 6:50 am because the payout cycle does not start until 7:00 am on Mondays. You can check from the above table when Angel One’s payout cycles are effective. For non-traded users, the processing of the request for funds withdrawal starts within a few minutes of the placement of the request. However, you can still cancel the request if you can send your request for cancellation within that time window. AOL shall endeavour to give the payout rejection effect in ledger within T+1 Working day. Kindly know that trading limits or withdrawable balances in such a case will reflect within T+2 working days only after the payout rejection information is shared by the bank. Transferring funds from your trading account to your bank account is hassle-free and convenient with Angel One. However, to avoid rejection, check the withdrawable balance and adhere to the timeline above before placing a withdrawal request. Click on the embedded links to withdraw funds instantly through our app or web platform. If you have any further problems, check out our FAQs page or reach out to us . Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.