URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/demat-account/how-to-set-up-ddpi-on-angel-one

Activate DDPI Today to Enjoy Hassle-free Trading on Angel One 4 mins read by Angel One Share Topics Covered What is DDPI? Points to Note Process to Activate DDPI Online Why Should You Use DDPI? How To Set Up DDPI on Angel One Offline? What is DDPI? DDPI (Demat Debit and Pledge Instructions) is a document that allows a stockbroker (like Angel One) to debit the securities from your demat account upon their sale and deliver them to the exchange. This means once the DDPI is submitted, you do not have to enter the CDSL T-PIN and OTP to sell any shares you hold. However, using the DDPI is voluntary, and you can continue selling shares by entering the T-PIN for every transaction. Earlier, a POA (i.e. Power of Attorney) could be used for debiting the shares from the client’s account. However, the facility of POA is no longer available for new users – DDPI is now offered instead . Points to Note 1. Individual account holder If you are an individual account holder, You can activate DDPI online using this link through Angel One App. Please have your Aadhaar card ready when placing an online DDPI activation request to e-sign the application. Ensure that your Aadhaar card is linked to your mobile number to complete the process. 2. Joint account holder/ HUF account holder/ minor account holder/ NRI/ corporate account holder To activate DDPI, you can raise a ticket here (Create Ticket —> Select Account Details under Category —> Select Profile Details under Sub-Category) and attach the filled-in and signed DDPI form. You can download the form from the links below – HUF | Joint | Corporate | Minor | NRI(E) | NRI(O) If you are an HUF account holder, then all family members’ name and signature is required along with the HUF stamp. If you are a joint account holder then all holder’s name and signature is required on the form . If you are a corporate account holder, then an authorized signatory signature and stamp is required. If it’s a minor’s account, then the minor’s name and guardian’s signature is required. Process to Activate DDPI Online Step 1. Accessing the DDPI option: Log in to the Angel One app, access the profile section from the home page. Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to login. Use this link to activate DDPI. Step 2: Click on ‘DDPI Status’ under the “Manage Accounts” section. Step 3: Read the DDPI consent and proceed to E- sign Step 4: You will be redirected for e-signing the request. Enter the Aadhar details & OTP sent on the mobile number linked to the Aadhaar card. Make sure to use your own Aadhar card for e-signing Step 5: The request will be processed in 2 – 4 working days. Why Should You Use DDPI? DDPI makes frequent trading of shares a hassle-free process. You should definitely consider using DDPI because it allows Angel One to perform the following functions on your behalf – Transferring shares from your demat account to the exchange upon their sale. Pledging/re-pledging of securities in favour of a Trading Member (TM) or Clearing Member (CM) for meeting margin requirements. Transferring mutual fund units from your demat account upon their sale. Transferring your shares in open offers ( ie. buybacks/delisting/acquisitions) on the stock exchange. Therefore, the entire process of selling and pledging becomes much smoother across asset classes. How To Set Up DDPI on Angel One Offline? However, in case you already have an Angel One account, you have to take the following steps to activate your DDPI: Download the DDPI activation form from here . Fill up and send the signed physical form to our Hyderabad Office via courier. It may take up to 48 hours to activate the DDPI after receipt of the DDPI form at the Hyderabad Office, subject to fulfillment of the DDPI Activation requirement. Once the DDPI is activated, you will receive an email from the CDSL on your registered email ID. Note: The address of Angel One’s Hyderabad office is “Angel One LTD., 2nd Floor, Osman Plazza, Road No.1, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 500034.” In case you already have an account, as well as a POA set up already, then you have to also take exactly the same steps mentioned above to activate your DDPI. Once you receive the DDPI activation email from the CDSL, the earlier POA will be discontinued from then onwards. In case you have DDPI already but you want to opt out of it, send an email to kyc.modifications@angelbroking.com from your registered email ID, asking to opt out of the DDPI. Final Words Hope this article gives you clarity on how to activate DDPI and trade hassle-free. If you want to know more about the latest features of the Angel One app and discuss them with fellow Angel One users, join the Angel One Community today! Share Topics Covered What is DDPI? Points to Note Process to Activate DDPI Online Why Should You Use DDPI? How To Set Up DDPI on Angel One Offline? What is DDPI? DDPI (Demat Debit and Pledge Instructions) is a document that allows a stockbroker (like Angel One) to debit the securities from your demat account upon their sale and deliver them to the exchange. This means once the DDPI is submitted, you do not have to enter the CDSL T-PIN and OTP to sell any shares you hold. However, using the DDPI is voluntary, and you can continue selling shares by entering the T-PIN for every transaction. Earlier, a POA (i.e. Power of Attorney) could be used for debiting the shares from the client’s account. However, the facility of POA is no longer available for new users – DDPI is now offered instead . Points to Note 1. Individual account holder If you are an individual account holder, You can activate DDPI online using this link through Angel One App. Please have your Aadhaar card ready when placing an online DDPI activation request to e-sign the application. Ensure that your Aadhaar card is linked to your mobile number to complete the process. 2. Joint account holder/ HUF account holder/ minor account holder/ NRI/ corporate account holder To activate DDPI, you can raise a ticket here (Create Ticket —> Select Account Details under Category —> Select Profile Details under Sub-Category) and attach the filled-in and signed DDPI form. You can download the form from the links below – HUF | Joint | Corporate | Minor | NRI(E) | NRI(O) If you are an HUF account holder, then all family members’ name and signature is required along with the HUF stamp. If you are a joint account holder then all holder’s name and signature is required on the form . If you are a corporate account holder, then an authorized signatory signature and stamp is required. If it’s a minor’s account, then the minor’s name and guardian’s signature is required. Process to Activate DDPI Online Step 1. Accessing the DDPI option: Log in to the Angel One app, access the profile section from the home page. Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to login. Use this link to activate DDPI. Step 2: Click on ‘DDPI Status’ under the “Manage Accounts” section. Step 3: Read the DDPI consent and proceed to E- sign Step 4: You will be redirected for e-signing the request. Enter the Aadhar details & OTP sent on the mobile number linked to the Aadhaar card. Make sure to use your own Aadhar card for e-signing Step 5: The request will be processed in 2 – 4 working days. Why Should You Use DDPI? DDPI makes frequent trading of shares a hassle-free process. You should definitely consider using DDPI because it allows Angel One to perform the following functions on your behalf – Transferring shares from your demat account to the exchange upon their sale. Pledging/re-pledging of securities in favour of a Trading Member (TM) or Clearing Member (CM) for meeting margin requirements. Transferring mutual fund units from your demat account upon their sale. Transferring your shares in open offers ( ie. buybacks/delisting/acquisitions) on the stock exchange. Therefore, the entire process of selling and pledging becomes much smoother across asset classes. How To Set Up DDPI on Angel One Offline? However, in case you already have an Angel One account, you have to take the following steps to activate your DDPI: Download the DDPI activation form from here . Fill up and send the signed physical form to our Hyderabad Office via courier. It may take up to 48 hours to activate the DDPI after receipt of the DDPI form at the Hyderabad Office, subject to fulfillment of the DDPI Activation requirement. Once the DDPI is activated, you will receive an email from the CDSL on your registered email ID. Note: The address of Angel One’s Hyderabad office is “Angel One LTD., 2nd Floor, Osman Plazza, Road No.1, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 500034.” In case you already have an account, as well as a POA set up already, then you have to also take exactly the same steps mentioned above to activate your DDPI. Once you receive the DDPI activation email from the CDSL, the earlier POA will be discontinued from then onwards. In case you have DDPI already but you want to opt out of it, send an email to kyc.modifications@angelbroking.com from your registered email ID, asking to opt out of the DDPI. Final Words Hope this article gives you clarity on how to activate DDPI and trade hassle-free. If you want to know more about the latest features of the Angel One app and discuss them with fellow Angel One users, join the Angel One Community today! Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered DDPI (Demat Debit and Pledge Instructions) is a document that allows a stockbroker (like Angel One) to debit the securities from your demat account upon their sale and deliver them to the exchange. This means once the DDPI is submitted, you do not have to enter the CDSL T-PIN and OTP to sell any shares you hold. However, using the DDPI is voluntary, and you can continue selling shares by entering the T-PIN for every transaction. Earlier, a POA (i.e. Power of Attorney) could be used for debiting the shares from the client’s account. However, the facility of POA is no longer available for new users – DDPI is now offered instead . HUF | Joint | Corporate | Minor | NRI(E) | NRI(O) Make sure to use your own Aadhar card for e-signing DDPI makes frequent trading of shares a hassle-free process. You should definitely consider using DDPI because it allows Angel One to perform the following functions on your behalf – Therefore, the entire process of selling and pledging becomes much smoother across asset classes. However, in case you already have an Angel One account, you have to take the following steps to activate your DDPI: Note: The address of Angel One’s Hyderabad office is “Angel One LTD., 2nd Floor, Osman Plazza, Road No.1, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad – 500034.” In case you already have an account, as well as a POA set up already, then you have to also take exactly the same steps mentioned above to activate your DDPI. Once you receive the DDPI activation email from the CDSL, the earlier POA will be discontinued from then onwards. In case you have DDPI already but you want to opt out of it, send an email to kyc.modifications@angelbroking.com from your registered email ID, asking to opt out of the DDPI. Hope this article gives you clarity on how to activate DDPI and trade hassle-free. If you want to know more about the latest features of the Angel One app and discuss them with fellow Angel One users, join the Angel One Community today! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.