URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/demat-account/track-the-status-of-your-application-on-angel-one-app

Track the Status of Your Application on the Angel One App 5 mins read by Angel One EN हिंदी தமிழ் తెలుగు मराठी ಕನ್ನಡ ગુજરાતી বাংলা Once you have downloaded the app and started filling out the application form, you can track your progress directly through a window on the Home page. Share Topics Covered How to View Application Status? What to do if the Application is Rejected? Causes for Application Rejection Conclusion Opening your Angel One account is usually a simple process. However, sometimes there might be delays if the information uploaded by the user does not fulfill the requirements of the application process. A delayed account opening process causes unnecessary frustration for the user if they do not clearly understand why their application is not being approved. To minimise this friction, the Angel One app now shows you exactly which stage their application is in. This will give you clarity on the status of your application as well as a fair idea about further requirements from your side. How to View Application Status? When you open the Angel One app on the Home Page you will see an option at the bottom of the screen to view the status of your application. Clicking ‘View Status’ will expand the window and allow you to see the exact stage where your application currently stands. Fig.1: Application Status window on the Home page (left), which can be expanded with a click to a larger view (right). Currently, the application status goes through the following stages in chronological order – Application Submitted – This means that the application, including the e-Sign , has been filled out by you. Application Under Review – This means that the application is currently being reviewed by the Angel One team. Application Rejected – This means that your application has been rejected for some reason, which will be disclosed. For instance, if the rejection is due to submitting an incorrect document, the section mentions the exact document that needs to be resubmitted for the application to be successful. Activation in Progress – This means that your application has been reviewed successfully and only the activation of your account remains to be done. Ready for trade – This means that you can transfer your money and start trading stocks on the app. You can also activate other segments, i.e. F&O, commodity and currency. Just click on the Profile icon, scroll to the bottom and you will find the option to activate derivatives trading. Know more about Segment activation . Fig. 2: Application under review (left), application rejected, with the reason (middle) and application successful and permission to start trading (right) Once your account is active, we will send you a Whatsapp notification. However, if there is a rejection status on your application, then we immediately notify you by email and SMS. What to do if the Application is Rejected? Technically your application is not rejected – it is simply stalled until you provide the required information. In case your application is stalled for some reason, you do not have to worry. A member of the Angel One sales team will contact you directly. Causes for Application Rejection The following are the primary reasons for which your application might be rejected – 1. Signature Validation Issue It means that your signature could not be validated. It could be because the signature itself was not clear/valid or for some other reason. It is one of the top reasons for application rejection, hence make sure the signature you upload is clear and proper. 2. PAN Validation Issue This means that there is currently an issue in the process of validating your PAN (Permanent Account Number). It could be because a clear PAN copy is not uploaded. 3. Selfie Validation Issue This means that your selfie could not be validated because it was not captured clearly. 4. Name Mismatch Issue This means that there is currently an issue of mismatch between the name provided in the application data and the name given in the submitted documents. 5. Address Proof Validation Issue This basically means that there is an issue in validating the address proof because – The QR code on the Aadhaar (proof of address) is not clear. The address proof is not submitted via Aadhaar or Digilocker – hence it needs time to be validated manually. There is a mismatch in the address provided in the application data and the address given in the documents submitted. 6. Bank Details Validation Issue This means that there is an issue in the bank details validation process because – The bank details were submitted via a cheque leaf – hence it is taking time to complete manual validation. In case the details were submitted online, then there was likely an issue of name mismatch between the data in the application and the documents submitted. There could also be other, more specific reasons for application rejection as well, such as – You already have another application submitted using the same Aadhaar, PAN or email ID. Your name is missing on the bank proof submitted. In that case, you may have to upload or re-upload – A pre-printed cancelled cheque leaf with your name and account number clearly mentioned on the same, or A pre-printed bank passbook or statement with your name, account number and IFSC code on the same. A change in name is required. In that case, kindly provide a gazette or marriage certificate. Other details, such as date of birth, user’s father’s name, etc. is not correct/matching. If the name on PAN is correct, then Bank Verification Letter is still required, and if Bank Proof is correct, then additional ID proof is still required. Conclusion Hope this article clears doubts regarding the application process of Angel One. Angel One is committed to bringing you the best features possible to make your experience on the app seamless. If you want to know about more top features, or if you have any questions, feel free to join the Angel One community – it is a place for Angel One users to interact with the Angel One team as well as themselves. Share Topics Covered How to View Application Status? What to do if the Application is Rejected? Causes for Application Rejection Conclusion Opening your Angel One account is usually a simple process. However, sometimes there might be delays if the information uploaded by the user does not fulfill the requirements of the application process. A delayed account opening process causes unnecessary frustration for the user if they do not clearly understand why their application is not being approved. To minimise this friction, the Angel One app now shows you exactly which stage their application is in. This will give you clarity on the status of your application as well as a fair idea about further requirements from your side. How to View Application Status? When you open the Angel One app on the Home Page you will see an option at the bottom of the screen to view the status of your application. Clicking ‘View Status’ will expand the window and allow you to see the exact stage where your application currently stands. Fig.1: Application Status window on the Home page (left), which can be expanded with a click to a larger view (right). Currently, the application status goes through the following stages in chronological order – Application Submitted – This means that the application, including the e-Sign , has been filled out by you. Application Under Review – This means that the application is currently being reviewed by the Angel One team. Application Rejected – This means that your application has been rejected for some reason, which will be disclosed. For instance, if the rejection is due to submitting an incorrect document, the section mentions the exact document that needs to be resubmitted for the application to be successful. Activation in Progress – This means that your application has been reviewed successfully and only the activation of your account remains to be done. Ready for trade – This means that you can transfer your money and start trading stocks on the app. You can also activate other segments, i.e. F&O, commodity and currency. Just click on the Profile icon, scroll to the bottom and you will find the option to activate derivatives trading. Know more about Segment activation . Fig. 2: Application under review (left), application rejected, with the reason (middle) and application successful and permission to start trading (right) Once your account is active, we will send you a Whatsapp notification. However, if there is a rejection status on your application, then we immediately notify you by email and SMS. What to do if the Application is Rejected? Technically your application is not rejected – it is simply stalled until you provide the required information. In case your application is stalled for some reason, you do not have to worry. A member of the Angel One sales team will contact you directly. Causes for Application Rejection The following are the primary reasons for which your application might be rejected – 1. Signature Validation Issue It means that your signature could not be validated. It could be because the signature itself was not clear/valid or for some other reason. It is one of the top reasons for application rejection, hence make sure the signature you upload is clear and proper. 2. PAN Validation Issue This means that there is currently an issue in the process of validating your PAN (Permanent Account Number). It could be because a clear PAN copy is not uploaded. 3. Selfie Validation Issue This means that your selfie could not be validated because it was not captured clearly. 4. Name Mismatch Issue This means that there is currently an issue of mismatch between the name provided in the application data and the name given in the submitted documents. 5. Address Proof Validation Issue This basically means that there is an issue in validating the address proof because – The QR code on the Aadhaar (proof of address) is not clear. The address proof is not submitted via Aadhaar or Digilocker – hence it needs time to be validated manually. There is a mismatch in the address provided in the application data and the address given in the documents submitted. 6. Bank Details Validation Issue This means that there is an issue in the bank details validation process because – The bank details were submitted via a cheque leaf – hence it is taking time to complete manual validation. In case the details were submitted online, then there was likely an issue of name mismatch between the data in the application and the documents submitted. There could also be other, more specific reasons for application rejection as well, such as – You already have another application submitted using the same Aadhaar, PAN or email ID. Your name is missing on the bank proof submitted. In that case, you may have to upload or re-upload – A pre-printed cancelled cheque leaf with your name and account number clearly mentioned on the same, or A pre-printed bank passbook or statement with your name, account number and IFSC code on the same. A change in name is required. In that case, kindly provide a gazette or marriage certificate. Other details, such as date of birth, user’s father’s name, etc. is not correct/matching. If the name on PAN is correct, then Bank Verification Letter is still required, and if Bank Proof is correct, then additional ID proof is still required. Conclusion Hope this article clears doubts regarding the application process of Angel One. Angel One is committed to bringing you the best features possible to make your experience on the app seamless. If you want to know about more top features, or if you have any questions, feel free to join the Angel One community – it is a place for Angel One users to interact with the Angel One team as well as themselves. Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered Opening your Angel One account is usually a simple process. However, sometimes there might be delays if the information uploaded by the user does not fulfill the requirements of the application process. A delayed account opening process causes unnecessary frustration for the user if they do not clearly understand why their application is not being approved. To minimise this friction, the Angel One app now shows you exactly which stage their application is in. This will give you clarity on the status of your application as well as a fair idea about further requirements from your side. When you open the Angel One app on the Home Page you will see an option at the bottom of the screen to view the status of your application. Clicking ‘View Status’ will expand the window and allow you to see the exact stage where your application currently stands. Fig.1: Application Status window on the Home page (left), which can be expanded with a click to a larger view (right). Currently, the application status goes through the following stages in chronological order – This means that the application, including the e-Sign , has been filled out by you. This means that the application is currently being reviewed by the Angel One team. This means that your application has been rejected for some reason, which will be disclosed. For instance, if the rejection is due to submitting an incorrect document, the section mentions the exact document that needs to be resubmitted for the application to be successful. This means that your application has been reviewed successfully and only the activation of your account remains to be done. This means that you can transfer your money and start trading stocks on the app. You can also activate other segments, i.e. F&O, commodity and currency. Just click on the Profile icon, scroll to the bottom and you will find the option to activate derivatives trading. Know more about Segment activation . Fig. 2: Application under review (left), application rejected, with the reason (middle) and application successful and permission to start trading (right) Once your account is active, we will send you a Whatsapp notification. However, if there is a rejection status on your application, then we immediately notify you by email and SMS. Technically your application is not rejected – it is simply stalled until you provide the required information. In case your application is stalled for some reason, you do not have to worry. A member of the Angel One sales team will contact you directly. The following are the primary reasons for which your application might be rejected – It means that your signature could not be validated. It could be because the signature itself was not clear/valid or for some other reason. It is one of the top reasons for application rejection, hence make sure the signature you upload is clear and proper. This means that there is currently an issue in the process of validating your PAN (Permanent Account Number). It could be because a clear PAN copy is not uploaded. This means that your selfie could not be validated because it was not captured clearly. This means that there is currently an issue of mismatch between the name provided in the application data and the name given in the submitted documents. This basically means that there is an issue in validating the address proof because – This means that there is an issue in the bank details validation process because – There could also be other, more specific reasons for application rejection as well, such as – Hope this article clears doubts regarding the application process of Angel One. Angel One is committed to bringing you the best features possible to make your experience on the app seamless. If you want to know about more top features, or if you have any questions, feel free to join the Angel One community – it is a place for Angel One users to interact with the Angel One team as well as themselves. Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.