URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/trading-account/list-of-order-status-on-your-angel-one-trading-account

List of order status on your Angel One trading account 4 mins read by Angel One EN हिंदी తెలుగు ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் मराठी Share Topics Covered Various order statuses on the Angel One platform How to check your order status on our app? Conclusion The evolution of technology has had a massive impact on every industry, and the stock market is no exception. As a trader or investor today, you can conveniently trade or invest in the market from the comfort of your home. For this, all you have to do is place an order via trading platforms like Angel One , which in turn places an order with the exchange on your behalf. Before we move further, let’s define what order and order status are. Order means an instruction that you give on a trading platform to buy/sell scrips at a particular price. And order status tells you the up-to-date situation of the trading order you have placed. Various order statuses on the Angel One platform Each order submitted on the Angel One platform will show a status that might change during the course of trade. The below list shows all possible order statuses on our platform. Executed An order that has been successfully completed at the exchange is said to be executed. Pending An order is in pending status when it has been sent to the exchange but is in an open position because of either of the following reasons: Your buying price is less than the ask price Your selling price is higher than the bid price Your order is partially executed (means only a part of your total order is executed) Your Stop Loss Order after the trigger price is reached and the order is not yet executed (assuming that 1st leg of your order is executed) Your RoBo Order after the trigger/target price is reached and the order is not yet executed (assuming that 1st leg of your order is executed) The order status will be pending unless your trade is successfully executed. Apart from this, AMO orders, which means the orders that are placed when the market is closed, can be seen under the pending orders section. Rejected Angel One has an exhaustive list of validations like insufficient funds, bid/ask price should fall within the circuit limit (a range within which the stock orders can be placed for the day), trading in penny stocks, trading in SME group stocks, etc. to execute the order successfully. If your order doesn’t comply with these validations, then your order will be rejected even before it reaches the exchange. Canceled An order goes into a canceled status because of the below-mentioned reasons: 1. You have initiated the cancellation 2. You are placing an IOC (Immediate or Cancelled) order, which means you are placing an order that needs to be executed immediately and if that does not happen then it should be canceled 3. You have placed an order with day validity but your bid/ask price does not get hit, so the order will be automatically canceled at the end of the trading day i.e., for F&O it will be auto-canceled at 03:30 pm, and for cash segment at 04:00 pm How to check your order status on our app? 1.Click on Orders Tab at the bottom. Click on Open Orders tab on top 3.Click on Order History. 4.Click on any order to view detailed message for rejections. Note: Only terminal statuses are shown in order history, i.e. only executed, rejected and cancelled. Pending orders are not shown in order history as it has still not reached terminal state Conclusion It is imperative to understand different order statuses on our platform so that you know when your order gets executed and when you need to re-order. Use our Angel One app or web platform to place your order with ease or track your orders on the move. Share Topics Covered Various order statuses on the Angel One platform How to check your order status on our app? Conclusion The evolution of technology has had a massive impact on every industry, and the stock market is no exception. As a trader or investor today, you can conveniently trade or invest in the market from the comfort of your home. For this, all you have to do is place an order via trading platforms like Angel One , which in turn places an order with the exchange on your behalf. Before we move further, let’s define what order and order status are. Order means an instruction that you give on a trading platform to buy/sell scrips at a particular price. And order status tells you the up-to-date situation of the trading order you have placed. Various order statuses on the Angel One platform Each order submitted on the Angel One platform will show a status that might change during the course of trade. The below list shows all possible order statuses on our platform. Executed An order that has been successfully completed at the exchange is said to be executed. Pending An order is in pending status when it has been sent to the exchange but is in an open position because of either of the following reasons: Your buying price is less than the ask price Your selling price is higher than the bid price Your order is partially executed (means only a part of your total order is executed) Your Stop Loss Order after the trigger price is reached and the order is not yet executed (assuming that 1st leg of your order is executed) Your RoBo Order after the trigger/target price is reached and the order is not yet executed (assuming that 1st leg of your order is executed) The order status will be pending unless your trade is successfully executed. Apart from this, AMO orders, which means the orders that are placed when the market is closed, can be seen under the pending orders section. Rejected Angel One has an exhaustive list of validations like insufficient funds, bid/ask price should fall within the circuit limit (a range within which the stock orders can be placed for the day), trading in penny stocks, trading in SME group stocks, etc. to execute the order successfully. If your order doesn’t comply with these validations, then your order will be rejected even before it reaches the exchange. Canceled An order goes into a canceled status because of the below-mentioned reasons: 1. You have initiated the cancellation 2. You are placing an IOC (Immediate or Cancelled) order, which means you are placing an order that needs to be executed immediately and if that does not happen then it should be canceled 3. You have placed an order with day validity but your bid/ask price does not get hit, so the order will be automatically canceled at the end of the trading day i.e., for F&O it will be auto-canceled at 03:30 pm, and for cash segment at 04:00 pm How to check your order status on our app? 1.Click on Orders Tab at the bottom. Click on Open Orders tab on top 3.Click on Order History. 4.Click on any order to view detailed message for rejections. Note: Only terminal statuses are shown in order history, i.e. only executed, rejected and cancelled. Pending orders are not shown in order history as it has still not reached terminal state Conclusion It is imperative to understand different order statuses on our platform so that you know when your order gets executed and when you need to re-order. Use our Angel One app or web platform to place your order with ease or track your orders on the move. Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered The evolution of technology has had a massive impact on every industry, and the stock market is no exception. As a trader or investor today, you can conveniently trade or invest in the market from the comfort of your home. For this, all you have to do is place an order via trading platforms like Angel One , which in turn places an order with the exchange on your behalf. Before we move further, let’s define what order and order status are. Order means an instruction that you give on a trading platform to buy/sell scrips at a particular price. And order status tells you the up-to-date situation of the trading order you have placed. Each order submitted on the Angel One platform will show a status that might change during the course of trade. The below list shows all possible order statuses on our platform. An order that has been successfully completed at the exchange is said to be executed. An order is in pending status when it has been sent to the exchange but is in an open position because of either of the following reasons: The order status will be pending unless your trade is successfully executed. Apart from this, AMO orders, which means the orders that are placed when the market is closed, can be seen under the pending orders section. Angel One has an exhaustive list of validations like insufficient funds, bid/ask price should fall within the circuit limit (a range within which the stock orders can be placed for the day), trading in penny stocks, trading in SME group stocks, etc. to execute the order successfully. If your order doesn’t comply with these validations, then your order will be rejected even before it reaches the exchange. An order goes into a canceled status because of the below-mentioned reasons: 1. You have initiated the cancellation 2. You are placing an IOC (Immediate or Cancelled) order, which means you are placing an order that needs to be executed immediately and if that does not happen then it should be canceled 3. You have placed an order with day validity but your bid/ask price does not get hit, so the order will be automatically canceled at the end of the trading day i.e., for F&O it will be auto-canceled at 03:30 pm, and for cash segment at 04:00 pm 1.Click on Orders Tab at the bottom. 3.Click on Order History. 4.Click on any order to view detailed message for rejections. Note: Only terminal statuses are shown in order history, i.e. only executed, rejected and cancelled. Pending orders are not shown in order history as it has still not reached terminal state It is imperative to understand different order statuses on our platform so that you know when your order gets executed and when you need to re-order. Use our Angel One app or web platform to place your order with ease or track your orders on the move. Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.