URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/trading-account/add-funds-the-digital-way

Add Funds To Your Angel One Account Online 6 mins read by Angel One EN తెలుగు ગુજરાતી हिंदी मराठी ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் Transferring funds, however small the amount, is always a stress-inducing process. Therefore, our users love it when a transfer of their funds goes through hassle-free on the Angel One account. Share Topics Covered Steps to Add Funds Payments Gateways FAQs Angel One offers you seamless transactions while trading online. With our app, you can access the stock market from anywhere, customise your watchlist, modify your orders, monitor your portfolio, gain information about the companies, and trade in multiple exchanges. Under the new Angel One Super App, adding funds is even easier with digital modes of payment available on our platform. Digital funds transfer process is gaining importance these days because of – Faster payment 24*7 transfer facility available Higher security Ease of carrying out transactions Tracks & maintains a record of each transaction Steps to Add Funds Here’s a quick step-by-step process of adding funds to your Angel One account – Go to the ‘Account’ section after logging in 2. Click the ‘Add funds’ button 3. Enter the amount that you want to add 4. Choose the bank account that you want to add the funds from – kindly note that only the bank accounts registered with Angel One (which you select here on the Add Funds page) should be used further as well in the transaction completion. You may click on the “Change” button next to the bank account in case you have multiple accounts and wish to perform the transaction with some other bank account. 5. Choose the mode of transfer – i.e. Net Banking or UPI (if you have the Google Pay or PhonePe app on your device then you can add funds directly through those apps themselves by clicking on the options seen in the screenshot above). Payments Gateways Angel One offers you two digital payment modes to transfer funds via our app/platform: UPI transfer Net banking The below table gives detailed information about these two payment modes for you to make an informed decision. Angel One offers you two digital payment modes to transfer funds via our app/platform: UPI transfer & net banking. The below table gives detailed information about these two payment modes for you to make an informed decision. Particulars UPI Transfer Net Banking Details Required Valid UPI ID approved by NPCI Login credentials Limit Updation in Angel One Account Instant Instant Transfer Limit Up to ₹2 lakh (₹5000 for 1st transaction) Depends on TPT (Third Party Transfer) limit in your bank account Lower limit of ₹50 Charges Angel One doesn’t charge any fees to add funds to your account UPI transactions can be conducted through any digital payment apps such as Google Pay, Paytm, BHIM and PhonePe. Note: As per SEBI regulations, the account from which funds can be added must be registered with the depository participant (Angel One in this case). If you are using net banking for your transactions, then you can use bank accounts from a limited number of banks. The list of banks whose accounts may be used for netbanking can be found below – List of Banks through which user can perform Net Banking transactions – Sr. No. Bank Name 1 Allahabad Bank 2 Andhra Bank 3 AU Small Finance Bank 4 Axis Bank 5 Bandhan Bank 6 Bank Of Baroda 7 Bank of India 8 Bank of Maharashtra 9 Canara Bank 10 Capital Bank 11 catholic syrian bank 12 Central Bank of India 13 City Union Bank 14 Corporation Bank 15 DCB 16 Deutsche Bank 17 Dhanalaxmi Bank 18 Equitas Small Finance Bank 19 Federal Bank 20 Gujarat State Cooperative Bank 21 HDFC Bank 22 HSBC 23 ICICI Bank 24 IDBI Bank 25 IDFC Bank 26 Indian Bank 27 Indian Overseas Bank 28 Indusind Bank 29 Jammu & Kashmir Bank 30 Karnataka Bank 31 Karur Vysya Bank 32 Kotak Mahindra Bank 33 Lakshmi Vilas Bank 34 Punjab National Bank 35 Saraswat Bank 36 South Indian Bank 37 Standard Chartered 38 State Bank of India 39 Surat Bank 40 Sutex Bank 41 SVC Co-operative Bank 42 Tamilnad Mercantile Bank 43 The Ratnakar Bank Limited (RBL) 44 UCO Bank 45 Union Bank of India 46 Utkarsh Bank 47 Yes Bank However, if you are using UPI (including via Google Pay or PhonePe) then you may transact using accounts from any bank (as long as it is registered with your Angel one account). If your device already has the GPay or PhonePe app downloaded, then Angel one will directly show them as payment options to the user. Payment limits For UPI, there is no minimum transaction limit, while the maximum amount that you can pay through UPI is ₹ 2 lakh (this also depends on the bank with which you have the account). For Net banking, the minimum amount that you can transfer in a single transaction is ₹50. Further steps to be taken as per the mode of transaction have been explained in the following section – Net Banking Transfer Process – After selecting the mode of transfe r as Net banking on the Add funds page, the user will be redirected to the page of the bank whose account he has selected on the Add Funds page. 2. On this page, enter the required details e.g. customer ID and password. 3. Once the transaction is completed, the user will be redirected to the Angel One app page with respective status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending ). UPI Transfer Process – 1. After selecting the mode of transfer as UPI on the Add Funds page, the user will be asked to enter the UPI ID/ VPA . 2. Enter the UPI ID/ VPA of any UPI application . 3. Click on Proceed . 4. Go to the respective UPI application, the UPI ID/VPA of which you had entered. 5. You will find a payment request from Angel One in the UPI application. 6. Click on Approve to complete the transaction. 7. Enter the UPI PIN to authorise the transaction. 8. Once the transaction is completed, the user will be redirected to the Angel One App page with respective status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending). GPay or PhonePe Transfer Process – After selecting the mode of transfer as Gpay/Phonepe on the Add Funds page, the user will be redirected to the respective UPI Application directly. 2. In case of multiple accounts registered in Gpay/Phonepe, please select the account which you have registered in Angel One , to complete the transaction correctly. 3. Enter the UPI PIN to authorise the transaction. 4. Once you complete the transaction, you will be redirected to the Angel One App page where you can check the status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending ). You can check the status of your transaction under the “View Funds Transaction Details” in the Account section of the app. There are two sections under this – funds added and funds withdrawn, both of which can be tracked separately through this subsection. We will learn more of this from the later section on View Funds Transaction Details. How to check if the transaction is reflected on the funds in your account? Once a transaction is executed, you may check whether the transaction is reflected in your balance. For that, you must go to your Account and check your Trading Balance or click “View Funds Transaction Details”. If you find that the balance is not updated, then try switching to another section (such as Home or Watchlist) and then come back again to Account. The balance should be updated by then. View Funds Transaction Details Under this section you can view two sections – funds added and funds withdrawn. Funds Added Under this section you can check all the fund additions made by you along with the following information – Date and time of the transaction The bank a/c from which the transaction was made The amount involved The status of the transaction – e.g. Pending If you are concerned about transactions related to a particular bank or even a particular amount, then you can directly search for the transaction by entering the bank name or the amount in the search bar. Final Words Let us all get rid of the unnecessary stress that we experience and apprehensions we have whenever making online transactions. Choose a reliable partner like Angel One for your trading and investing needs. Open Demat account with Angel One, today! FAQs 1. Can I add funds from a bank account that is not linked to my Angel One account? We do not accept payment via unregistered bank accounts as per SEBI guidelines. 2. Can I add multiple bank accounts? Yes, you can add multiple bank accounts in your trading account. 3. What is the maximum amount that I can transfer during a day? For UPI, there is no minimum transaction limit, while the maximum amount that you can pay through UPI is ₹ 2 lakh (this also depends on the bank with which you have the account). For Net banking, the minimum amount that you can transfer in a single transaction is ₹50. 4. How many banks do we support in our payment gateway? All the major private and public sector banks are supported by our payment gateways. If you are using net banking for your transactions, then you can use bank accounts from a limited number of banks. The list of banks whose accounts may be used for netbanking can be found above in a given process flow. However, if you are using UPI (including via Google Pay or PhonePe) then you may transact using accounts from any bank (as long as it is registered with your Angel one account). 5. What is the reason for Transaction Failure while adding funds via online methods? The most common reasons for Transaction Failures are: Your bank account not responding/slow response to our transaction processes Transaction timed out because of delay in authentication Incorrect password Insufficient funds available in your bank account Transfer of funds through 3rd party bank accounts UPI transfers are done through non-registered bank accounts, etc. In case you have any more questions, please feel free to visit Angel Assist on our app/platform. Add funds to your trading account now! Share Topics Covered Steps to Add Funds Payments Gateways FAQs Angel One offers you seamless transactions while trading online. With our app, you can access the stock market from anywhere, customise your watchlist, modify your orders, monitor your portfolio, gain information about the companies, and trade in multiple exchanges. Under the new Angel One Super App, adding funds is even easier with digital modes of payment available on our platform. Digital funds transfer process is gaining importance these days because of – Faster payment 24*7 transfer facility available Higher security Ease of carrying out transactions Tracks & maintains a record of each transaction Steps to Add Funds Here’s a quick step-by-step process of adding funds to your Angel One account – Go to the ‘Account’ section after logging in 2. Click the ‘Add funds’ button 3. Enter the amount that you want to add 4. Choose the bank account that you want to add the funds from – kindly note that only the bank accounts registered with Angel One (which you select here on the Add Funds page) should be used further as well in the transaction completion. You may click on the “Change” button next to the bank account in case you have multiple accounts and wish to perform the transaction with some other bank account. 5. Choose the mode of transfer – i.e. Net Banking or UPI (if you have the Google Pay or PhonePe app on your device then you can add funds directly through those apps themselves by clicking on the options seen in the screenshot above). Payments Gateways Angel One offers you two digital payment modes to transfer funds via our app/platform: UPI transfer Net banking The below table gives detailed information about these two payment modes for you to make an informed decision. Angel One offers you two digital payment modes to transfer funds via our app/platform: UPI transfer & net banking. The below table gives detailed information about these two payment modes for you to make an informed decision. Particulars UPI Transfer Net Banking Details Required Valid UPI ID approved by NPCI Login credentials Limit Updation in Angel One Account Instant Instant Transfer Limit Up to ₹2 lakh (₹5000 for 1st transaction) Depends on TPT (Third Party Transfer) limit in your bank account Lower limit of ₹50 Charges Angel One doesn’t charge any fees to add funds to your account UPI transactions can be conducted through any digital payment apps such as Google Pay, Paytm, BHIM and PhonePe. Note: As per SEBI regulations, the account from which funds can be added must be registered with the depository participant (Angel One in this case). If you are using net banking for your transactions, then you can use bank accounts from a limited number of banks. The list of banks whose accounts may be used for netbanking can be found below – List of Banks through which user can perform Net Banking transactions – Sr. No. Bank Name 1 Allahabad Bank 2 Andhra Bank 3 AU Small Finance Bank 4 Axis Bank 5 Bandhan Bank 6 Bank Of Baroda 7 Bank of India 8 Bank of Maharashtra 9 Canara Bank 10 Capital Bank 11 catholic syrian bank 12 Central Bank of India 13 City Union Bank 14 Corporation Bank 15 DCB 16 Deutsche Bank 17 Dhanalaxmi Bank 18 Equitas Small Finance Bank 19 Federal Bank 20 Gujarat State Cooperative Bank 21 HDFC Bank 22 HSBC 23 ICICI Bank 24 IDBI Bank 25 IDFC Bank 26 Indian Bank 27 Indian Overseas Bank 28 Indusind Bank 29 Jammu & Kashmir Bank 30 Karnataka Bank 31 Karur Vysya Bank 32 Kotak Mahindra Bank 33 Lakshmi Vilas Bank 34 Punjab National Bank 35 Saraswat Bank 36 South Indian Bank 37 Standard Chartered 38 State Bank of India 39 Surat Bank 40 Sutex Bank 41 SVC Co-operative Bank 42 Tamilnad Mercantile Bank 43 The Ratnakar Bank Limited (RBL) 44 UCO Bank 45 Union Bank of India 46 Utkarsh Bank 47 Yes Bank However, if you are using UPI (including via Google Pay or PhonePe) then you may transact using accounts from any bank (as long as it is registered with your Angel one account). If your device already has the GPay or PhonePe app downloaded, then Angel one will directly show them as payment options to the user. Payment limits For UPI, there is no minimum transaction limit, while the maximum amount that you can pay through UPI is ₹ 2 lakh (this also depends on the bank with which you have the account). For Net banking, the minimum amount that you can transfer in a single transaction is ₹50. Further steps to be taken as per the mode of transaction have been explained in the following section – Net Banking Transfer Process – After selecting the mode of transfe r as Net banking on the Add funds page, the user will be redirected to the page of the bank whose account he has selected on the Add Funds page. 2. On this page, enter the required details e.g. customer ID and password. 3. Once the transaction is completed, the user will be redirected to the Angel One app page with respective status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending ). UPI Transfer Process – 1. After selecting the mode of transfer as UPI on the Add Funds page, the user will be asked to enter the UPI ID/ VPA . 2. Enter the UPI ID/ VPA of any UPI application . 3. Click on Proceed . 4. Go to the respective UPI application, the UPI ID/VPA of which you had entered. 5. You will find a payment request from Angel One in the UPI application. 6. Click on Approve to complete the transaction. 7. Enter the UPI PIN to authorise the transaction. 8. Once the transaction is completed, the user will be redirected to the Angel One App page with respective status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending). GPay or PhonePe Transfer Process – After selecting the mode of transfer as Gpay/Phonepe on the Add Funds page, the user will be redirected to the respective UPI Application directly. 2. In case of multiple accounts registered in Gpay/Phonepe, please select the account which you have registered in Angel One , to complete the transaction correctly. 3. Enter the UPI PIN to authorise the transaction. 4. Once you complete the transaction, you will be redirected to the Angel One App page where you can check the status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending ). You can check the status of your transaction under the “View Funds Transaction Details” in the Account section of the app. There are two sections under this – funds added and funds withdrawn, both of which can be tracked separately through this subsection. We will learn more of this from the later section on View Funds Transaction Details. How to check if the transaction is reflected on the funds in your account? Once a transaction is executed, you may check whether the transaction is reflected in your balance. For that, you must go to your Account and check your Trading Balance or click “View Funds Transaction Details”. If you find that the balance is not updated, then try switching to another section (such as Home or Watchlist) and then come back again to Account. The balance should be updated by then. View Funds Transaction Details Under this section you can view two sections – funds added and funds withdrawn. Funds Added Under this section you can check all the fund additions made by you along with the following information – Date and time of the transaction The bank a/c from which the transaction was made The amount involved The status of the transaction – e.g. Pending If you are concerned about transactions related to a particular bank or even a particular amount, then you can directly search for the transaction by entering the bank name or the amount in the search bar. Final Words Let us all get rid of the unnecessary stress that we experience and apprehensions we have whenever making online transactions. Choose a reliable partner like Angel One for your trading and investing needs. Open Demat account with Angel One, today! FAQs 1. Can I add funds from a bank account that is not linked to my Angel One account? We do not accept payment via unregistered bank accounts as per SEBI guidelines. 2. Can I add multiple bank accounts? Yes, you can add multiple bank accounts in your trading account. 3. What is the maximum amount that I can transfer during a day? For UPI, there is no minimum transaction limit, while the maximum amount that you can pay through UPI is ₹ 2 lakh (this also depends on the bank with which you have the account). For Net banking, the minimum amount that you can transfer in a single transaction is ₹50. 4. How many banks do we support in our payment gateway? All the major private and public sector banks are supported by our payment gateways. If you are using net banking for your transactions, then you can use bank accounts from a limited number of banks. The list of banks whose accounts may be used for netbanking can be found above in a given process flow. However, if you are using UPI (including via Google Pay or PhonePe) then you may transact using accounts from any bank (as long as it is registered with your Angel one account). 5. What is the reason for Transaction Failure while adding funds via online methods? The most common reasons for Transaction Failures are: Your bank account not responding/slow response to our transaction processes Transaction timed out because of delay in authentication Incorrect password Insufficient funds available in your bank account Transfer of funds through 3rd party bank accounts UPI transfers are done through non-registered bank accounts, etc. In case you have any more questions, please feel free to visit Angel Assist on our app/platform. Add funds to your trading account now! Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered Angel One offers you seamless transactions while trading online. With our app, you can access the stock market from anywhere, customise your watchlist, modify your orders, monitor your portfolio, gain information about the companies, and trade in multiple exchanges. Under the new Angel One Super App, adding funds is even easier with digital modes of payment available on our platform. Digital funds transfer process is gaining importance these days because of – Here’s a quick step-by-step process of adding funds to your Angel One account – 2. Click the ‘Add funds’ button 3. Enter the amount that you want to add 4. Choose the bank account that you want to add the funds from – kindly note that only the bank accounts registered with Angel One (which you select here on the Add Funds page) should be used further as well in the transaction completion. You may click on the “Change” button next to the bank account in case you have multiple accounts and wish to perform the transaction with some other bank account. 5. Choose the mode of transfer – i.e. Net Banking or UPI (if you have the Google Pay or PhonePe app on your device then you can add funds directly through those apps themselves by clicking on the options seen in the screenshot above). Angel One offers you two digital payment modes to transfer funds via our app/platform: The below table gives detailed information about these two payment modes for you to make an informed decision. Angel One offers you two digital payment modes to transfer funds via our app/platform: UPI transfer & net banking. The below table gives detailed information about these two payment modes for you to make an informed decision. UPI transactions can be conducted through any digital payment apps such as Google Pay, Paytm, BHIM and PhonePe. Note: As per SEBI regulations, the account from which funds can be added must be registered with the depository participant (Angel One in this case). If you are using net banking for your transactions, then you can use bank accounts from a limited number of banks. The list of banks whose accounts may be used for netbanking can be found below – List of Banks through which user can perform Net Banking transactions – However, if you are using UPI (including via Google Pay or PhonePe) then you may transact using accounts from any bank (as long as it is registered with your Angel one account). If your device already has the GPay or PhonePe app downloaded, then Angel one will directly show them as payment options to the user. Payment limits For UPI, there is no minimum transaction limit, while the maximum amount that you can pay through UPI is ₹ 2 lakh (this also depends on the bank with which you have the account). For Net banking, the minimum amount that you can transfer in a single transaction is ₹50. Further steps to be taken as per the mode of transaction have been explained in the following section – 2. On this page, enter the required details e.g. customer ID and password. 3. Once the transaction is completed, the user will be redirected to the Angel One app page with respective status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending ). 1. After selecting the mode of transfer as UPI on the Add Funds page, the user will be asked to enter the UPI ID/ VPA . 2. Enter the UPI ID/ VPA of any UPI application . 3. Click on Proceed . 4. Go to the respective UPI application, the UPI ID/VPA of which you had entered. 5. You will find a payment request from Angel One in the UPI application. 6. Click on Approve to complete the transaction. 7. Enter the UPI PIN to authorise the transaction. 8. Once the transaction is completed, the user will be redirected to the Angel One App page with respective status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending). 2. In case of multiple accounts registered in Gpay/Phonepe, please select the account which you have registered in Angel One , to complete the transaction correctly. 3. Enter the UPI PIN to authorise the transaction. 4. Once you complete the transaction, you will be redirected to the Angel One App page where you can check the status of transaction (i.e. either success, failed or pending ). You can check the status of your transaction under the “View Funds Transaction Details” in the Account section of the app. There are two sections under this – funds added and funds withdrawn, both of which can be tracked separately through this subsection. We will learn more of this from the later section on View Funds Transaction Details. How to check if the transaction is reflected on the funds in your account? Once a transaction is executed, you may check whether the transaction is reflected in your balance. For that, you must go to your Account and check your Trading Balance or click “View Funds Transaction Details”. If you find that the balance is not updated, then try switching to another section (such as Home or Watchlist) and then come back again to Account. The balance should be updated by then. View Funds Transaction Details Under this section you can view two sections – funds added and funds withdrawn. Funds Added Under this section you can check all the fund additions made by you along with the following information – If you are concerned about transactions related to a particular bank or even a particular amount, then you can directly search for the transaction by entering the bank name or the amount in the search bar. Final Words Let us all get rid of the unnecessary stress that we experience and apprehensions we have whenever making online transactions. Choose a reliable partner like Angel One for your trading and investing needs. Open Demat account with Angel One, today! We do not accept payment via unregistered bank accounts as per SEBI guidelines. Yes, you can add multiple bank accounts in your trading account. For UPI, there is no minimum transaction limit, while the maximum amount that you can pay through UPI is ₹ 2 lakh (this also depends on the bank with which you have the account). For Net banking, the minimum amount that you can transfer in a single transaction is ₹50. All the major private and public sector banks are supported by our payment gateways. If you are using net banking for your transactions, then you can use bank accounts from a limited number of banks. The list of banks whose accounts may be used for netbanking can be found above in a given process flow. However, if you are using UPI (including via Google Pay or PhonePe) then you may transact using accounts from any bank (as long as it is registered with your Angel one account). The most common reasons for Transaction Failures are: In case you have any more questions, please feel free to visit Angel Assist on our app/platform. Add funds to your trading account now! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.