URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center

Knowledge Center To avail lucrative returns on your investments, Angel One empowers you with the knowledge of stock trading and investment. Our knowledge bank is divided into different modules that explain related investment concepts, terms, strategies, and practices, such that you will be able to trade in the market in a better manner. Demat Account With the standardisation of share trading transactions, establishment of NSE, and the use of the internet and digital technology, online trading was... Know More Mutual Funds A mutual fund is a trust that collects money from investors sharing common investment objectives and then invests the money in securities such as... Know More Angel One User Manual Angel One's user manual essentially contains everthing you need to know about using the product. The user manual for Angel One will give you a step-by-step guide.... Know More Trading Account Similar to a bank account, a trading account acts as a common platform to sell or purchase securities. Securities are purchased through a trading... Know More Online Share Trading Online share trading involves buying and selling of stocks through online platform. Using the online share trading account, you may buy or sell share... Know More Intraday Trading Intraday trading deals with buying and selling stocks on the same day during the trading hours that are stipulated by the exchange. Shares are bought... Know More Share Market The Indian share market comprises NSE and BSE – both which are active. Start online share trading by referring to the the share market tips and trading... Know More IPO When a privately held business collects money from the public and in turn gives them shares in their company. The shares are then traded for the first... Know More Derivatives Derivatives is a lucrative financial instrument that allows investors to gain from the market volatility. Here you can make large gains by investing a... Know More Futures and options Trading Derivatives come handy for protection against price fluctuations. There are two types of derivatives – future and options. Apart from being a hedge against price... Know More Commodities Trading Commodity trading is one of the foundations for the global trading system that trades various commodities from the primary economic sector, that acts... Know More Authorised Person A sub-broker is the intermediary between the investor and the stock exchange. The main role of a sub-broker is to assist them and help them gain... Know More Income Tax The tax that is imposed by the government on the earrings of companies and individuals is called income tax. According to the law, the taxpayer... Know More Savings Schemes There are many savings schemes available in India designed to help individuals achieve their financial goals. These schemes include Public Provident Fund... Know More PAN Card A PAN card, or Permanent Account Number card, is a unique 10-character alphanumeric identifier issued by the Income Tax Department in India.... Know More Aadhaar Card Adhaar Card is a government-issued document used to identify any person resident in India. It has a 12-digit issued by the Unique Identification Authority... Know More Research Articles Research helps investors to find out the potential of security before they invest in it. Fundamental Research and Technical Research are two types of... Know More Cryptocurrency A lot of investors are investing in cryptocurrencies. But for the masses, they are still an enigma.Cryptocurrencies have been around for some time... Know More Personal Finance Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Know More Profile Modification Modification has never been easier! Our Profile Modification processes will walk you through each step of your mobile number, email, bank... Know More Loans Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Know More Angel One Advantage Present in the industry since 1987 Technology-enabled DEMAT & Trading Account Technical and Fundamental Research Guidance Knowledge Center To avail lucrative returns on your investments, Angel One empowers you with the knowledge of stock trading and investment. Our knowledge bank is divided into different modules that explain related investment concepts, terms, strategies, and practices, such that you will be able to trade in the market in a better manner. Demat Account With the standardisation of share trading transactions, establishment of NSE, and the use of the internet and digital technology, online trading was... Know More Mutual Funds A mutual fund is a trust that collects money from investors sharing common investment objectives and then invests the money in securities such as... Know More Angel One User Manual Angel One's user manual essentially contains everthing you need to know about using the product. The user manual for Angel One will give you a step-by-step guide.... Know More Trading Account Similar to a bank account, a trading account acts as a common platform to sell or purchase securities. Securities are purchased through a trading... Know More Online Share Trading Online share trading involves buying and selling of stocks through online platform. Using the online share trading account, you may buy or sell share... Know More Intraday Trading Intraday trading deals with buying and selling stocks on the same day during the trading hours that are stipulated by the exchange. Shares are bought... Know More Share Market The Indian share market comprises NSE and BSE – both which are active. Start online share trading by referring to the the share market tips and trading... Know More IPO When a privately held business collects money from the public and in turn gives them shares in their company. The shares are then traded for the first... Know More Derivatives Derivatives is a lucrative financial instrument that allows investors to gain from the market volatility. Here you can make large gains by investing a... Know More Futures and options Trading Derivatives come handy for protection against price fluctuations. There are two types of derivatives – future and options. Apart from being a hedge against price... Know More Commodities Trading Commodity trading is one of the foundations for the global trading system that trades various commodities from the primary economic sector, that acts... Know More Authorised Person A sub-broker is the intermediary between the investor and the stock exchange. The main role of a sub-broker is to assist them and help them gain... Know More Income Tax The tax that is imposed by the government on the earrings of companies and individuals is called income tax. According to the law, the taxpayer... Know More Savings Schemes There are many savings schemes available in India designed to help individuals achieve their financial goals. These schemes include Public Provident Fund... Know More PAN Card A PAN card, or Permanent Account Number card, is a unique 10-character alphanumeric identifier issued by the Income Tax Department in India.... Know More Aadhaar Card Adhaar Card is a government-issued document used to identify any person resident in India. It has a 12-digit issued by the Unique Identification Authority... Know More Research Articles Research helps investors to find out the potential of security before they invest in it. Fundamental Research and Technical Research are two types of... Know More Cryptocurrency A lot of investors are investing in cryptocurrencies. But for the masses, they are still an enigma.Cryptocurrencies have been around for some time... Know More Personal Finance Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Know More Profile Modification Modification has never been easier! Our Profile Modification processes will walk you through each step of your mobile number, email, bank... Know More Loans Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Know More Angel One Advantage Present in the industry since 1987 Technology-enabled DEMAT & Trading Account Technical and Fundamental Research Guidance Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 To avail lucrative returns on your investments, Angel One empowers you with the knowledge of stock trading and investment. Our knowledge bank is divided into different modules that explain related investment concepts, terms, strategies, and practices, such that you will be able to trade in the market in a better manner. Demat Account With the standardisation of share trading transactions, establishment of NSE, and the use of the internet and digital technology, online trading was... Mutual Funds A mutual fund is a trust that collects money from investors sharing common investment objectives and then invests the money in securities such as... Angel One User Manual Angel One's user manual essentially contains everthing you need to know about using the product. The user manual for Angel One will give you a step-by-step guide.... Trading Account Similar to a bank account, a trading account acts as a common platform to sell or purchase securities. Securities are purchased through a trading... Online Share Trading Online share trading involves buying and selling of stocks through online platform. Using the online share trading account, you may buy or sell share... Intraday Trading Intraday trading deals with buying and selling stocks on the same day during the trading hours that are stipulated by the exchange. Shares are bought... Share Market The Indian share market comprises NSE and BSE – both which are active. Start online share trading by referring to the the share market tips and trading... IPO When a privately held business collects money from the public and in turn gives them shares in their company. The shares are then traded for the first... Derivatives Derivatives is a lucrative financial instrument that allows investors to gain from the market volatility. Here you can make large gains by investing a... Futures and options Trading Derivatives come handy for protection against price fluctuations. There are two types of derivatives – future and options. Apart from being a hedge against price... Commodities Trading Commodity trading is one of the foundations for the global trading system that trades various commodities from the primary economic sector, that acts... Authorised Person A sub-broker is the intermediary between the investor and the stock exchange. The main role of a sub-broker is to assist them and help them gain... Income Tax The tax that is imposed by the government on the earrings of companies and individuals is called income tax. According to the law, the taxpayer... Savings Schemes There are many savings schemes available in India designed to help individuals achieve their financial goals. These schemes include Public Provident Fund... PAN Card A PAN card, or Permanent Account Number card, is a unique 10-character alphanumeric identifier issued by the Income Tax Department in India.... Aadhaar Card Adhaar Card is a government-issued document used to identify any person resident in India. It has a 12-digit issued by the Unique Identification Authority... Research Articles Research helps investors to find out the potential of security before they invest in it. Fundamental Research and Technical Research are two types of... Cryptocurrency A lot of investors are investing in cryptocurrencies. But for the masses, they are still an enigma.Cryptocurrencies have been around for some time... Personal Finance Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Profile Modification Modification has never been easier! Our Profile Modification processes will walk you through each step of your mobile number, email, bank... Loans Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Get the link to download the App Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.