URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center/trading-account/heres-how-you-can-activate-a-segment-in-angel-one

Here’s How You Can Activate a Segment in Angel One 6 mins read by Angel One EN हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் Share Topics Covered Types of Segments: How Do I Check Which Segments Are Activated? Why Do We Need to Activate Segments? Documents Required to Activate Segments Points to Note Conditions for Segment Activation Process to Activate Segment Online Conclusion Show More As a trader, you can invest in many asset classes in India, including equities , commodities, currencies, derivatives , and more. The financial market is divided into different segments with unique trading rules to simplify investing in various categories. Hence, if you want to trade in agricultural commodities like cotton and coffee and the shares of ABC company, you can’t do it under one segment. You have to trade them separately in different exchanges from your broker’s platform or app, like Angel One. Separate categories facilitate trading and transactions. So, if you want to invest in multiple asset classes, you need to enable the segment in the Angel One app. Types of Segments: Following are the various segments of the stock market. Equity Cash (Capital Market) It classifies all the transactions involving buying and selling of shares listed on the exchange. In India, stocks from listed companies trade in NSE (National Stock Exchange) and BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange). So, you will have to activate the equity segment in the Angel One app to transact in the equity market . Mutual Funds Mutual Fund is a financial instrument in which funds are collected from multiple investors to invest in assets such as stocks, money market instruments (Certificate of Deposit, Commercial Paper, Treasury Bills, and Call Money), and bonds. With Angel One’s Mutual Funds segment, you can invest in various Mutual Funds either in lumpsum or through SIP. Equity & Index F&O An equity derivative is a class of financial contracts that invest in equities as the underlying asset (equity stocks/shares in the secondary market). For instance – Reliance Futures is an equity derivative. Its price varies with the movements of the Reliance Share Price. Similarly, for an index-based derivative, the underlying asset is a group of indices such as NIFTY , BANK NIFTY , and FINNIFTY . In this segment, you can trade only in the group of assets and not in the individual security. Futures and Options are the two derivatives available for trading in this segment. In the Futures contract, an investor agrees to buy/sell a particular asset at an agreed-upon rate on a future date. However, in the Options contract, the investor has a right, but is under no obligation to buy/sell the underlying asset at a specific price on a fixed date. With Angel One, you can trade in futures and options in segment. Commodities Indian investors can diversify their portfolio by investing in various commodities like gold, crude oil, copper, cardamom, rubber, and energy in the Commodities market. MCX (Multi-Commodity Exchange) and NCDEX (National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange of India) are the two exchanges under the Commodity segment at Angel One. NCDEX has leadership in agro-products, while MCX predominantly leads the gold, metal, and oil markets. Foreign Exchanges If you want to invest in foreign currencies, you will have to activate the currency segment. It allows you to buy and sell foreign currencies at market rates electronically. One invests in the Forex market for various reasons – gaining exposure to the largest market in the world, portfolio diversification, and profit opportunities from fluctuating currency rates in the international market. Major participants in this segment are corporations, central banks, retail forex brokers, hedge funds, and individual investors. You can activate the NSE-FX segment at the Angel One platform to trade in the Forex market . How Do I Check Which Segments Are Activated? To check which segments are currently activated on your Angel One account, follow these steps: Go to your profile on the mobile app or web platform . You can use this link as well to directly access your segment details There you can see the activated categories under the ‘Manage Segment’ section. Why Do We Need to Activate Segments? The right mix of equity, future & options, commodities, and currency can help build a diversified portfolio while earning good returns. Activating various available segments will open more opportunities for you to invest. So, if you want to increase your market exposure, activate the different segments in the Angel One app. Documents Required to Activate Segments When you open an account with Angel One, the Equity Cash and Mutual Funds segment gets activated by default. However, if you want to activate another category, you need to submit an activation request. At Angel One, you don’t have to submit any documents to activate the segment if you have holdings in your account, as the same will suffice as financial proof. So to activate the segment, all you will have to do is authorize the activation request by providing esign. Points to Note The following segments at the mentioned exchanges are available for trading – Futures & Options – NSE, BSE Currency – NSE, BSE The following segments at the mentioned exchanges are available for trading – Commodity – NSE, MCX, NCDEX Equity and Mutual Funds are the default trading segments activated for all the users with a demat account Segment activation process will take 2-3 working days Online segment activation is available for the individual account holders. Individual can activate segment online by directly using this link Please have your Aadhaar card ready when placing an online segment activation request to e-sign the application. Ensure that your Aadhaar card is linked to your mobile number to complete the process. Conditions for Segment Activation 1. Individual Accounts – Providing financial proof is mandatory for activating derivative segments Any proof provided should be in the name of the angel account holder The proof must contain the logo and seal of the concerned authority If there are any holdings in the angel one account, segments will be activated without any additional proof in online segment activation process If there are no holdings,financial proof needs to be provided. Any of the documents from the below mentioned list are accepted as valid income proof: Last 6 months bank account statement It should have at least one transaction from every month Passbook It should have first page and last 6 months of transaction details Salary Slip Last month’s salary slip needs to be provided ITR acknowledgement form It should be from latest/previous financial year Form 16 It should be from latest/previous financial year Demat Account Statement Latest Holdings statement 2. Non-individual accounts (Joint, HUF, Corporate) – Currently there is no online process of segment activation for non-individual accounts. For activating derivative segments, you can raise a ticket here (Create Ticket —> Select Account Details under Category —> Select Segment Activation under Sub-Category) and attach the filled in segment modification form along with any income proof. Any of the documents from the below mentioned lists are valid income proof: Last 6 months bank account statement It should have at least one transaction from every month ITR acknowledgement form It should be from latest/previous financial year Form 16 It should be from latest/previous financial year Demat Account Statement Latest Holdings statement Mutual Funds Statement Latest Holdings statement Net worth certificate If you are an HUF account holder, then Karta’s signature and HUF stamp is required on the form. If you are a corporate account holder then a corporate stamp is accepted in place of a signature. If you are a joint account holder then all holder’s signature will be required on the form. For Minor and NRI account holders, segment activation is not allowed. Process to Activate Segment Online Step 1: Process to Activate Segment Online: Use this link to access segment activation log in to the Angel One app, go to the Accounts page, and click on the Profile Widget. Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to login Step 2: Click on “Active Segments”. Step 3: Select the segment(s) to be activated. Step 4: Provide financial proof Allow system to automatically fetch last 6 month bank statement by entering the bank name and mobile number linked to your bank account Alternatively, select “Upload documents manually” option to upload the income proof yourself Step 4a: Automatically fetch bank statement i) Enter the OTP sent by CAMSfinserv to your registered mobile number ii) Bank accounts linked with the mobile number will be fetched Select the bank account you want to use to provide last 6 months bank statement iii) User will be automatically redirected forthe e-signing Step 4b: Manually upload documents i) Select the document from the list you want to provide as the financial proof ii) Click on “Add a file” box. Select the file you want to add from your device. If your document is password protected, you will be asked to provide document password in order to verify the document Once the file is uploaded, click on “Proceed to E-Sign” button Step 5: You will be redirected for e-signing the request. Enter the Aadhar details & OTP sent from Adhaar on your mobile number Make sure to use your own Aadhar card for e-signing Step 6: The request will be processed in 2-3 working days. Conclusion Now that you know about the different categories of trading and investing in the stock market, activate all the segments you want to invest in. This segmented trading will help you in diversifying your portfolio and achieving your financial goals. Use Angel One mobile app to activate these segments and conveniently enhance your investment strategy. FAQ: What is segment activation? Segment activation is a process that allows investors to select different asset categories to invest in other exchanges. By activating the segments, you can choose different segments like equities, mutual funds, F&O, commodities, and currency for trading in the Angel One app. How can I activate segments in the Angel One app? If you want to start any category, you can do it when signing up or later on by visiting the profile section. How long will it take for the segment to get activated? Angel One app takes up to 2 business day s to activate the segment. You can start trading in the category from the second day. What are the documents required for segment activation? At Angel One, you don’t have to submit any documents to activate the segment if you have holdings in your account, as the same will suffice as income proof. Do I need a minimum holding in my account to activate the segments? There is no minimum holding value required to activate the segments. How much time does it take for the segment to be activated? Once you have placed the request, your segment will be activated within 24-48 hours. Is there any physical form that I can submit to activate the segments? Download the form from the Angel One website here , fill it and send it along with the required documents to our Hyderabad office. The segment will be activated within 24-48 hours after the documents have been received. Hyderabad Office Address – Osman Plaza, H.No. 6-3-352, Banjara Hills, Road No. 1, Hyderabad, Telangana 500001 How will I get activation confirmation? You will receive a confirmation mail on your registered email ID. How will I come to know if my segment activation request has been rejected? You will receive an email on your registered email ID with the reason for rejection. How can I deactivate the segment? You can deactivate a specific segment by writing to us at support@angelone.in, as we currently do not have an online option to deactivate segments. Share Topics Covered Types of Segments: How Do I Check Which Segments Are Activated? Why Do We Need to Activate Segments? Documents Required to Activate Segments Points to Note Conditions for Segment Activation Process to Activate Segment Online Conclusion Show More As a trader, you can invest in many asset classes in India, including equities , commodities, currencies, derivatives , and more. The financial market is divided into different segments with unique trading rules to simplify investing in various categories. Hence, if you want to trade in agricultural commodities like cotton and coffee and the shares of ABC company, you can’t do it under one segment. You have to trade them separately in different exchanges from your broker’s platform or app, like Angel One. Separate categories facilitate trading and transactions. So, if you want to invest in multiple asset classes, you need to enable the segment in the Angel One app. Types of Segments: Following are the various segments of the stock market. Equity Cash (Capital Market) It classifies all the transactions involving buying and selling of shares listed on the exchange. In India, stocks from listed companies trade in NSE (National Stock Exchange) and BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange). So, you will have to activate the equity segment in the Angel One app to transact in the equity market . Mutual Funds Mutual Fund is a financial instrument in which funds are collected from multiple investors to invest in assets such as stocks, money market instruments (Certificate of Deposit, Commercial Paper, Treasury Bills, and Call Money), and bonds. With Angel One’s Mutual Funds segment, you can invest in various Mutual Funds either in lumpsum or through SIP. Equity & Index F&O An equity derivative is a class of financial contracts that invest in equities as the underlying asset (equity stocks/shares in the secondary market). For instance – Reliance Futures is an equity derivative. Its price varies with the movements of the Reliance Share Price. Similarly, for an index-based derivative, the underlying asset is a group of indices such as NIFTY , BANK NIFTY , and FINNIFTY . In this segment, you can trade only in the group of assets and not in the individual security. Futures and Options are the two derivatives available for trading in this segment. In the Futures contract, an investor agrees to buy/sell a particular asset at an agreed-upon rate on a future date. However, in the Options contract, the investor has a right, but is under no obligation to buy/sell the underlying asset at a specific price on a fixed date. With Angel One, you can trade in futures and options in segment. Commodities Indian investors can diversify their portfolio by investing in various commodities like gold, crude oil, copper, cardamom, rubber, and energy in the Commodities market. MCX (Multi-Commodity Exchange) and NCDEX (National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange of India) are the two exchanges under the Commodity segment at Angel One. NCDEX has leadership in agro-products, while MCX predominantly leads the gold, metal, and oil markets. Foreign Exchanges If you want to invest in foreign currencies, you will have to activate the currency segment. It allows you to buy and sell foreign currencies at market rates electronically. One invests in the Forex market for various reasons – gaining exposure to the largest market in the world, portfolio diversification, and profit opportunities from fluctuating currency rates in the international market. Major participants in this segment are corporations, central banks, retail forex brokers, hedge funds, and individual investors. You can activate the NSE-FX segment at the Angel One platform to trade in the Forex market . How Do I Check Which Segments Are Activated? To check which segments are currently activated on your Angel One account, follow these steps: Go to your profile on the mobile app or web platform . You can use this link as well to directly access your segment details There you can see the activated categories under the ‘Manage Segment’ section. Why Do We Need to Activate Segments? The right mix of equity, future & options, commodities, and currency can help build a diversified portfolio while earning good returns. Activating various available segments will open more opportunities for you to invest. So, if you want to increase your market exposure, activate the different segments in the Angel One app. Documents Required to Activate Segments When you open an account with Angel One, the Equity Cash and Mutual Funds segment gets activated by default. However, if you want to activate another category, you need to submit an activation request. At Angel One, you don’t have to submit any documents to activate the segment if you have holdings in your account, as the same will suffice as financial proof. So to activate the segment, all you will have to do is authorize the activation request by providing esign. Points to Note The following segments at the mentioned exchanges are available for trading – Futures & Options – NSE, BSE Currency – NSE, BSE The following segments at the mentioned exchanges are available for trading – Commodity – NSE, MCX, NCDEX Equity and Mutual Funds are the default trading segments activated for all the users with a demat account Segment activation process will take 2-3 working days Online segment activation is available for the individual account holders. Individual can activate segment online by directly using this link Please have your Aadhaar card ready when placing an online segment activation request to e-sign the application. Ensure that your Aadhaar card is linked to your mobile number to complete the process. Conditions for Segment Activation 1. Individual Accounts – Providing financial proof is mandatory for activating derivative segments Any proof provided should be in the name of the angel account holder The proof must contain the logo and seal of the concerned authority If there are any holdings in the angel one account, segments will be activated without any additional proof in online segment activation process If there are no holdings,financial proof needs to be provided. Any of the documents from the below mentioned list are accepted as valid income proof: Last 6 months bank account statement It should have at least one transaction from every month Passbook It should have first page and last 6 months of transaction details Salary Slip Last month’s salary slip needs to be provided ITR acknowledgement form It should be from latest/previous financial year Form 16 It should be from latest/previous financial year Demat Account Statement Latest Holdings statement 2. Non-individual accounts (Joint, HUF, Corporate) – Currently there is no online process of segment activation for non-individual accounts. For activating derivative segments, you can raise a ticket here (Create Ticket —> Select Account Details under Category —> Select Segment Activation under Sub-Category) and attach the filled in segment modification form along with any income proof. Any of the documents from the below mentioned lists are valid income proof: Last 6 months bank account statement It should have at least one transaction from every month ITR acknowledgement form It should be from latest/previous financial year Form 16 It should be from latest/previous financial year Demat Account Statement Latest Holdings statement Mutual Funds Statement Latest Holdings statement Net worth certificate If you are an HUF account holder, then Karta’s signature and HUF stamp is required on the form. If you are a corporate account holder then a corporate stamp is accepted in place of a signature. If you are a joint account holder then all holder’s signature will be required on the form. For Minor and NRI account holders, segment activation is not allowed. Process to Activate Segment Online Step 1: Process to Activate Segment Online: Use this link to access segment activation log in to the Angel One app, go to the Accounts page, and click on the Profile Widget. Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to login Step 2: Click on “Active Segments”. Step 3: Select the segment(s) to be activated. Step 4: Provide financial proof Allow system to automatically fetch last 6 month bank statement by entering the bank name and mobile number linked to your bank account Alternatively, select “Upload documents manually” option to upload the income proof yourself Step 4a: Automatically fetch bank statement i) Enter the OTP sent by CAMSfinserv to your registered mobile number ii) Bank accounts linked with the mobile number will be fetched Select the bank account you want to use to provide last 6 months bank statement iii) User will be automatically redirected forthe e-signing Step 4b: Manually upload documents i) Select the document from the list you want to provide as the financial proof ii) Click on “Add a file” box. Select the file you want to add from your device. If your document is password protected, you will be asked to provide document password in order to verify the document Once the file is uploaded, click on “Proceed to E-Sign” button Step 5: You will be redirected for e-signing the request. Enter the Aadhar details & OTP sent from Adhaar on your mobile number Make sure to use your own Aadhar card for e-signing Step 6: The request will be processed in 2-3 working days. Conclusion Now that you know about the different categories of trading and investing in the stock market, activate all the segments you want to invest in. This segmented trading will help you in diversifying your portfolio and achieving your financial goals. Use Angel One mobile app to activate these segments and conveniently enhance your investment strategy. FAQ: What is segment activation? Segment activation is a process that allows investors to select different asset categories to invest in other exchanges. By activating the segments, you can choose different segments like equities, mutual funds, F&O, commodities, and currency for trading in the Angel One app. How can I activate segments in the Angel One app? If you want to start any category, you can do it when signing up or later on by visiting the profile section. How long will it take for the segment to get activated? Angel One app takes up to 2 business day s to activate the segment. You can start trading in the category from the second day. What are the documents required for segment activation? At Angel One, you don’t have to submit any documents to activate the segment if you have holdings in your account, as the same will suffice as income proof. Do I need a minimum holding in my account to activate the segments? There is no minimum holding value required to activate the segments. How much time does it take for the segment to be activated? Once you have placed the request, your segment will be activated within 24-48 hours. Is there any physical form that I can submit to activate the segments? Download the form from the Angel One website here , fill it and send it along with the required documents to our Hyderabad office. The segment will be activated within 24-48 hours after the documents have been received. Hyderabad Office Address – Osman Plaza, H.No. 6-3-352, Banjara Hills, Road No. 1, Hyderabad, Telangana 500001 How will I get activation confirmation? You will receive a confirmation mail on your registered email ID. How will I come to know if my segment activation request has been rejected? You will receive an email on your registered email ID with the reason for rejection. How can I deactivate the segment? You can deactivate a specific segment by writing to us at support@angelone.in, as we currently do not have an online option to deactivate segments. Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Topics Covered As a trader, you can invest in many asset classes in India, including equities , commodities, currencies, derivatives , and more. The financial market is divided into different segments with unique trading rules to simplify investing in various categories. Hence, if you want to trade in agricultural commodities like cotton and coffee and the shares of ABC company, you can’t do it under one segment. You have to trade them separately in different exchanges from your broker’s platform or app, like Angel One. Separate categories facilitate trading and transactions. So, if you want to invest in multiple asset classes, you need to enable the segment in the Angel One app. Following are the various segments of the stock market. It classifies all the transactions involving buying and selling of shares listed on the exchange. In India, stocks from listed companies trade in NSE (National Stock Exchange) and BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange). So, you will have to activate the equity segment in the Angel One app to transact in the equity market . Mutual Fund is a financial instrument in which funds are collected from multiple investors to invest in assets such as stocks, money market instruments (Certificate of Deposit, Commercial Paper, Treasury Bills, and Call Money), and bonds. With Angel One’s Mutual Funds segment, you can invest in various Mutual Funds either in lumpsum or through SIP. An equity derivative is a class of financial contracts that invest in equities as the underlying asset (equity stocks/shares in the secondary market). For instance – Reliance Futures is an equity derivative. Its price varies with the movements of the Reliance Share Price. Similarly, for an index-based derivative, the underlying asset is a group of indices such as NIFTY , BANK NIFTY , and FINNIFTY . In this segment, you can trade only in the group of assets and not in the individual security. Futures and Options are the two derivatives available for trading in this segment. In the Futures contract, an investor agrees to buy/sell a particular asset at an agreed-upon rate on a future date. However, in the Options contract, the investor has a right, but is under no obligation to buy/sell the underlying asset at a specific price on a fixed date. With Angel One, you can trade in futures and options in segment. Indian investors can diversify their portfolio by investing in various commodities like gold, crude oil, copper, cardamom, rubber, and energy in the Commodities market. MCX (Multi-Commodity Exchange) and NCDEX (National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange of India) are the two exchanges under the Commodity segment at Angel One. NCDEX has leadership in agro-products, while MCX predominantly leads the gold, metal, and oil markets. If you want to invest in foreign currencies, you will have to activate the currency segment. It allows you to buy and sell foreign currencies at market rates electronically. One invests in the Forex market for various reasons – gaining exposure to the largest market in the world, portfolio diversification, and profit opportunities from fluctuating currency rates in the international market. Major participants in this segment are corporations, central banks, retail forex brokers, hedge funds, and individual investors. You can activate the NSE-FX segment at the Angel One platform to trade in the Forex market . To check which segments are currently activated on your Angel One account, follow these steps: The right mix of equity, future & options, commodities, and currency can help build a diversified portfolio while earning good returns. Activating various available segments will open more opportunities for you to invest. So, if you want to increase your market exposure, activate the different segments in the Angel One app. When you open an account with Angel One, the Equity Cash and Mutual Funds segment gets activated by default. However, if you want to activate another category, you need to submit an activation request. At Angel One, you don’t have to submit any documents to activate the segment if you have holdings in your account, as the same will suffice as financial proof. So to activate the segment, all you will have to do is authorize the activation request by providing esign. log in to the Angel One app, go to the Accounts page, and click on the Profile Widget. Use your mobile number/client ID and OTP to login i) Enter the OTP sent by CAMSfinserv to your registered mobile number ii) Bank accounts linked with the mobile number will be fetched iii) User will be automatically redirected forthe e-signing i) Select the document from the list you want to provide as the financial proof ii) Click on “Add a file” box. Select the file you want to add from your device. Now that you know about the different categories of trading and investing in the stock market, activate all the segments you want to invest in. This segmented trading will help you in diversifying your portfolio and achieving your financial goals. Use Angel One mobile app to activate these segments and conveniently enhance your investment strategy. Segment activation is a process that allows investors to select different asset categories to invest in other exchanges. By activating the segments, you can choose different segments like equities, mutual funds, F&O, commodities, and currency for trading in the Angel One app. If you want to start any category, you can do it when signing up or later on by visiting the profile section. Angel One app takes up to 2 business day s to activate the segment. You can start trading in the category from the second day. At Angel One, you don’t have to submit any documents to activate the segment if you have holdings in your account, as the same will suffice as income proof. There is no minimum holding value required to activate the segments. Once you have placed the request, your segment will be activated within 24-48 hours. Download the form from the Angel One website here , fill it and send it along with the required documents to our Hyderabad office. The segment will be activated within 24-48 hours after the documents have been received. Hyderabad Office Address – Osman Plaza, H.No. 6-3-352, Banjara Hills, Road No. 1, Hyderabad, Telangana 500001 You will receive a confirmation mail on your registered email ID. You will receive an email on your registered email ID with the reason for rejection. You can deactivate a specific segment by writing to us at support@angelone.in, as we currently do not have an online option to deactivate segments. Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Enjoy Free Equity Delivery for Lifetime Open 100% free* demat & trading A/C now! Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.