URL: https://www.angelone.in/support/ipo-ofs

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही. IPO IPO OFS Sovereign Gold Bonds (SGB) Stock SIP Where can I find my UPI ID? Generally, you can find your UPI ID in the profile section of the respective app you are using. I don’t have a UPI ID. Can I apply for an IPO? In case you don’t have a UPI ID, you can create it with any of the UPI Handles featured in the NPCI list. Alternatively, you can apply through ASBA with your bank or through physical form. How can I create my UPI ID? You can follow the below steps to create a UPI ID with the BHIM app Download the Google Pay/ PhonePe / BHIM App Verify your mobile number Register the passcode (it is required to open the app) Select your bank from the options available The app will fetch your bank details In case you have more than one account, choose the account you want to register with BHIM Set up a UPI PIN for security Now you can check your UPI ID in the profile section. Why am I unable to apply for IPOs via my UPI ID/Handle? For IPO applications, only UPI ID/Handles approved by NPCI are allowed. In case you are unable to apply for IPO using your UPI ID/Handle, we recommend that you check the list of banks/apps approved by NPCI for providing UPI service for IPO application. Why can’t I see my UPI handle listed in the dropdown in the Angel One app while applying for an IPO? In case you can’t find your UPI Handle in the dropdown list on the IPO page in the Angel One app, it means your UPI Handle is not approved by NPCI for applying for an IPO. Try to use or create an alternative UPI ID with any of the entities featured on the NPCI list. When will I receive my UPI mandate request after placing an order? Below are a few things you can do: Go to your Payment App – Navigate to the mandate section and check if you have an open mandate or not. In case you have received many mandates then you can cross verify with the Application ID mentioned in the mandate details with the Application ID mentioned in the order details from Angel One’s Application OR Make sure your Payments App is updated. OR If it is taking longer than 6 hours then cancel your bid from Angel one’s application and place a new bid. How to approve an IPO mandate request? You have to approve the IPO mandate request in your UPI app. By when can I approve the UPI mandate request? Pending mandates shall expire after 5 PM on the last day. So users should accept the mandate before 5 PM on the last day to participate in the IPO. What are the charges of applying for an IPO? With Angel One, there are no charges to apply for an IPO. How can an NRI apply for an IPO using the Angel One app? NRI’s can not apply via the Angel One app. However, they can apply through the physical ASBA (Application Supported By Blocked Amount) process with your bank. What is the cut-off price & why should I apply at a cut-off price? Cut-off price is the price at which the shares get issued through an IPO to the investors. This price is ascertained at the allotment stage. When an investor applies for an IPO at a cut-off price, that means he is ready to bid at this price. In an ideal scenario, all retail investors bid at the cut-off price to increase their chance of allotment. Can I use a bank account not linked with Angel One to apply? You can apply for an IPO using any other bank account provided the account is in the name of the investor. Can I apply for an IPO using my bank’s current account? It is preferred that you apply using your savings account as most banks do not process IPO applications submitted using a current account. You need to check with your bank for more details. Can I apply for an IPO using my HUF’s account? You cannot apply via the Angel One app. However, you can apply using your HUF account through the physical ASBA process with your bank. My daughter is a minor. Can I apply for an IPO using her account? The Angel One app doesn’t allow a minor to apply. Although, a minor can apply via physical ASBA process through your bank. Why didn’t my account get debited after applying for an IPO? As per the ASBA process, banks will simply hold/block your money when you apply for an IPO. Once the shares are allotted to you, the amount will be debited from your bank account. If the shares are not allotted to you, the amount will be unblocked/released to your account on/before the UPI mandate expiry date. Note: Banks usually take 10-15 days to release your funds. If your funds are still blocked after 15 days please contact your bank . Can I modify my IPO bid? Yes, you can modify the lot size and UPI ID of your IPO bid after placing an order. Please note that if you have approved your UPI mandate request for the order and modified the order later, the entire IPO bid amount will be blocked in addition to the amount blocked for your original IPO bid. You will also receive another UPI mandate request for your modified bid. However, if you haven’t approved the original mandate request, no amount will be blocked for the original IPO bid. Why is my IPO application rejected? Few of the common reasons your IPO application is rejected You might have entered the wrong UPI ID or UPI PIN while approving the mandate Ensuring that the Bank A/c, Demat A/c, and UPI ID are mapped to the same PAN For example: Jack is using Jill’s UPI ID to apply for an IPO with his Demat A/c. In such a case, Jack’s application will be rejected because Jill’s bank account used is not linked to the demat account of Jack Jill’s UPI ID used is not linked to Jack’s PAN When will my funds be blocked and unblocked? Your funds will be blocked once you approve the UPI mandate request for IPO. Your funds will be unblocked/released on or before the UPI mandate expiry date if the shares are not allotted through IPO. Please reach out to your bank in case funds are not unblocked/released post the mandate expiry date. How can I get a guaranteed IPO allotment? We would like to explain that Angel One is merely a platform to apply for IPO and has no control over its allotment. IPO allotment can never be guaranteed since, in case of over-subscription, the allotment is done via a lottery system. However, you can avoid application rejection by Applying from only 1 Demat account per PAN Applying at cut-off price Ensuring that the Bank A/c, Demat A/c, and UPI ID are mapped to the same PAN For example: Jack is using Jill’s UPI ID to apply for an IPO with his Demat A/c. In such a case, Jack’s application will be rejected because Jill’s bank A/C used is not linked to the Demat A/c of Jack Jill’s UPI ID used is not linked to Jack’s PAN Where can I check my refund status in case of a rejected/non-allotted IPO application? Banks will simply hold/block your money when you apply for an IPO. So, your funds will be released/unblocked on or before the UPI mandate expiry date. Please reach out to your bank in case funds are not unblocked or released post the mentioned date. Why didn’t I get my IPO allotment? Common reasons why you didn’t get the allotment are Non-Allotment – Allotment is done through lottery system because of over-subscription Rejection – Application can be rejected due to either of the following reasons: 1) Application received from multiple Demat accounts having the same PAN 2) Bank account Demat account, and UPI ID used for an application not mapped to the same PAN 3) Your bid price is lower than the final issue price Is tax applicable on profit from an IPO? Tax will be levied on your profit as per your tax bracket. When is the next IPO coming? Visit our website https://www.angelone.in/upcoming-IPO to get all information about forthcoming IPO’s. I have approved the mandate request, but the status on the Angel One app is still pending. What to do? Your UPI mandate request status on the Angel One app does not get updated in real-time. It will reflect shortly in your IPO order book. Can I withdraw/delete/cancel my IPO bid? For an IPO application process in the Angel One app, withdrawing, deleting, and canceling the application is the same thing. Follow the below path to withdraw/cancel your IPO application Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order you wish to cancel Tap on cancel & confirm to cancel your IPO Order How can I check my IPO application status? Follow the below path to check your IPO application status Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order for which you want to check the application status Your IPO application status will be visible from here Where to check the IPO allotment status? Follow the below path to check your subscription status Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order for which you want to check the subscription status Your IPO subscription status will be visible from here Can I submit multiple applications for an IPO? Only 1 application per PAN is recommended. Even if you apply via different platforms using the same PAN, your application will be rejected and you will not get the IPO allotment. However, you can increase the chances of IPO allotment by applying with different account linked to different PAN. For example, you can apply with your and your parents demat account separately. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Generally, you can find your UPI ID in the profile section of the respective app you are using. In case you don’t have a UPI ID, you can create it with any of the UPI Handles featured in the NPCI list. Alternatively, you can apply through ASBA with your bank or through physical form. You can follow the below steps to create a UPI ID with the BHIM app Download the Google Pay/ PhonePe / BHIM App Verify your mobile number Register the passcode (it is required to open the app) Select your bank from the options available The app will fetch your bank details In case you have more than one account, choose the account you want to register with BHIM Set up a UPI PIN for security Now you can check your UPI ID in the profile section. For IPO applications, only UPI ID/Handles approved by NPCI are allowed. In case you are unable to apply for IPO using your UPI ID/Handle, we recommend that you check the list of banks/apps approved by NPCI for providing UPI service for IPO application. In case you can’t find your UPI Handle in the dropdown list on the IPO page in the Angel One app, it means your UPI Handle is not approved by NPCI for applying for an IPO. Try to use or create an alternative UPI ID with any of the entities featured on the NPCI list. Below are a few things you can do: Go to your Payment App – Navigate to the mandate section and check if you have an open mandate or not. In case you have received many mandates then you can cross verify with the Application ID mentioned in the mandate details with the Application ID mentioned in the order details from Angel One’s Application OR Make sure your Payments App is updated. OR If it is taking longer than 6 hours then cancel your bid from Angel one’s application and place a new bid. You have to approve the IPO mandate request in your UPI app. Pending mandates shall expire after 5 PM on the last day. So users should accept the mandate before 5 PM on the last day to participate in the IPO. With Angel One, there are no charges to apply for an IPO. NRI’s can not apply via the Angel One app. However, they can apply through the physical ASBA (Application Supported By Blocked Amount) process with your bank. Cut-off price is the price at which the shares get issued through an IPO to the investors. This price is ascertained at the allotment stage. When an investor applies for an IPO at a cut-off price, that means he is ready to bid at this price. In an ideal scenario, all retail investors bid at the cut-off price to increase their chance of allotment. You can apply for an IPO using any other bank account provided the account is in the name of the investor. It is preferred that you apply using your savings account as most banks do not process IPO applications submitted using a current account. You need to check with your bank for more details. You cannot apply via the Angel One app. However, you can apply using your HUF account through the physical ASBA process with your bank. The Angel One app doesn’t allow a minor to apply. Although, a minor can apply via physical ASBA process through your bank. As per the ASBA process, banks will simply hold/block your money when you apply for an IPO. Once the shares are allotted to you, the amount will be debited from your bank account. If the shares are not allotted to you, the amount will be unblocked/released to your account on/before the UPI mandate expiry date. Note: Banks usually take 10-15 days to release your funds. If your funds are still blocked after 15 days please contact your bank . Yes, you can modify the lot size and UPI ID of your IPO bid after placing an order. Please note that if you have approved your UPI mandate request for the order and modified the order later, the entire IPO bid amount will be blocked in addition to the amount blocked for your original IPO bid. You will also receive another UPI mandate request for your modified bid. However, if you haven’t approved the original mandate request, no amount will be blocked for the original IPO bid. Few of the common reasons your IPO application is rejected You might have entered the wrong UPI ID or UPI PIN while approving the mandate Ensuring that the Bank A/c, Demat A/c, and UPI ID are mapped to the same PAN For example: Jack is using Jill’s UPI ID to apply for an IPO with his Demat A/c. In such a case, Jack’s application will be rejected because Jill’s bank account used is not linked to the demat account of Jack Jill’s UPI ID used is not linked to Jack’s PAN Your funds will be blocked once you approve the UPI mandate request for IPO. Your funds will be unblocked/released on or before the UPI mandate expiry date if the shares are not allotted through IPO. Please reach out to your bank in case funds are not unblocked/released post the mandate expiry date. We would like to explain that Angel One is merely a platform to apply for IPO and has no control over its allotment. IPO allotment can never be guaranteed since, in case of over-subscription, the allotment is done via a lottery system. However, you can avoid application rejection by Applying from only 1 Demat account per PAN Applying at cut-off price Ensuring that the Bank A/c, Demat A/c, and UPI ID are mapped to the same PAN For example: Jack is using Jill’s UPI ID to apply for an IPO with his Demat A/c. In such a case, Jack’s application will be rejected because Jill’s bank A/C used is not linked to the Demat A/c of Jack Jill’s UPI ID used is not linked to Jack’s PAN Banks will simply hold/block your money when you apply for an IPO. So, your funds will be released/unblocked on or before the UPI mandate expiry date. Please reach out to your bank in case funds are not unblocked or released post the mentioned date. Common reasons why you didn’t get the allotment are Non-Allotment – Allotment is done through lottery system because of over-subscription Rejection – Application can be rejected due to either of the following reasons: 1) Application received from multiple Demat accounts having the same PAN 2) Bank account Demat account, and UPI ID used for an application not mapped to the same PAN 3) Your bid price is lower than the final issue price Tax will be levied on your profit as per your tax bracket. Visit our website https://www.angelone.in/upcoming-IPO to get all information about forthcoming IPO’s. Your UPI mandate request status on the Angel One app does not get updated in real-time. It will reflect shortly in your IPO order book. For an IPO application process in the Angel One app, withdrawing, deleting, and canceling the application is the same thing. Follow the below path to withdraw/cancel your IPO application Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order you wish to cancel Tap on cancel & confirm to cancel your IPO Order Follow the below path to check your IPO application status Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order for which you want to check the application status Your IPO application status will be visible from here Follow the below path to check your subscription status Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order for which you want to check the subscription status Your IPO subscription status will be visible from here Only 1 application per PAN is recommended. Even if you apply via different platforms using the same PAN, your application will be rejected and you will not get the IPO allotment. However, you can increase the chances of IPO allotment by applying with different account linked to different PAN. For example, you can apply with your and your parents demat account separately. Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Generally, you can find your UPI ID in the profile section of the respective app you are using. In case you don’t have a UPI ID, you can create it with any of the UPI Handles featured in the NPCI list. Alternatively, you can apply through ASBA with your bank or through physical form. You can follow the below steps to create a UPI ID with the BHIM app Download the Google Pay/ PhonePe / BHIM App Verify your mobile number Register the passcode (it is required to open the app) Select your bank from the options available The app will fetch your bank details In case you have more than one account, choose the account you want to register with BHIM Set up a UPI PIN for security Now you can check your UPI ID in the profile section. For IPO applications, only UPI ID/Handles approved by NPCI are allowed. In case you are unable to apply for IPO using your UPI ID/Handle, we recommend that you check the list of banks/apps approved by NPCI for providing UPI service for IPO application. In case you can’t find your UPI Handle in the dropdown list on the IPO page in the Angel One app, it means your UPI Handle is not approved by NPCI for applying for an IPO. Try to use or create an alternative UPI ID with any of the entities featured on the NPCI list. Below are a few things you can do: Go to your Payment App – Navigate to the mandate section and check if you have an open mandate or not. In case you have received many mandates then you can cross verify with the Application ID mentioned in the mandate details with the Application ID mentioned in the order details from Angel One’s Application OR Make sure your Payments App is updated. OR If it is taking longer than 6 hours then cancel your bid from Angel one’s application and place a new bid. You have to approve the IPO mandate request in your UPI app. Pending mandates shall expire after 5 PM on the last day. So users should accept the mandate before 5 PM on the last day to participate in the IPO. With Angel One, there are no charges to apply for an IPO. NRI’s can not apply via the Angel One app. However, they can apply through the physical ASBA (Application Supported By Blocked Amount) process with your bank. Cut-off price is the price at which the shares get issued through an IPO to the investors. This price is ascertained at the allotment stage. When an investor applies for an IPO at a cut-off price, that means he is ready to bid at this price. In an ideal scenario, all retail investors bid at the cut-off price to increase their chance of allotment. You can apply for an IPO using any other bank account provided the account is in the name of the investor. It is preferred that you apply using your savings account as most banks do not process IPO applications submitted using a current account. You need to check with your bank for more details. You cannot apply via the Angel One app. However, you can apply using your HUF account through the physical ASBA process with your bank. The Angel One app doesn’t allow a minor to apply. Although, a minor can apply via physical ASBA process through your bank. As per the ASBA process, banks will simply hold/block your money when you apply for an IPO. Once the shares are allotted to you, the amount will be debited from your bank account. If the shares are not allotted to you, the amount will be unblocked/released to your account on/before the UPI mandate expiry date. Note: Banks usually take 10-15 days to release your funds. If your funds are still blocked after 15 days please contact your bank . Yes, you can modify the lot size and UPI ID of your IPO bid after placing an order. Please note that if you have approved your UPI mandate request for the order and modified the order later, the entire IPO bid amount will be blocked in addition to the amount blocked for your original IPO bid. You will also receive another UPI mandate request for your modified bid. However, if you haven’t approved the original mandate request, no amount will be blocked for the original IPO bid. Few of the common reasons your IPO application is rejected You might have entered the wrong UPI ID or UPI PIN while approving the mandate Ensuring that the Bank A/c, Demat A/c, and UPI ID are mapped to the same PAN For example: Jack is using Jill’s UPI ID to apply for an IPO with his Demat A/c. In such a case, Jack’s application will be rejected because Jill’s bank account used is not linked to the demat account of Jack Jill’s UPI ID used is not linked to Jack’s PAN Your funds will be blocked once you approve the UPI mandate request for IPO. Your funds will be unblocked/released on or before the UPI mandate expiry date if the shares are not allotted through IPO. Please reach out to your bank in case funds are not unblocked/released post the mandate expiry date. We would like to explain that Angel One is merely a platform to apply for IPO and has no control over its allotment. IPO allotment can never be guaranteed since, in case of over-subscription, the allotment is done via a lottery system. However, you can avoid application rejection by Applying from only 1 Demat account per PAN Applying at cut-off price Ensuring that the Bank A/c, Demat A/c, and UPI ID are mapped to the same PAN For example: Jack is using Jill’s UPI ID to apply for an IPO with his Demat A/c. In such a case, Jack’s application will be rejected because Jill’s bank A/C used is not linked to the Demat A/c of Jack Jill’s UPI ID used is not linked to Jack’s PAN Banks will simply hold/block your money when you apply for an IPO. So, your funds will be released/unblocked on or before the UPI mandate expiry date. Please reach out to your bank in case funds are not unblocked or released post the mentioned date. Common reasons why you didn’t get the allotment are Non-Allotment – Allotment is done through lottery system because of over-subscription Rejection – Application can be rejected due to either of the following reasons: 1) Application received from multiple Demat accounts having the same PAN 2) Bank account Demat account, and UPI ID used for an application not mapped to the same PAN 3) Your bid price is lower than the final issue price Tax will be levied on your profit as per your tax bracket. Visit our website https://www.angelone.in/upcoming-IPO to get all information about forthcoming IPO’s. Your UPI mandate request status on the Angel One app does not get updated in real-time. It will reflect shortly in your IPO order book. For an IPO application process in the Angel One app, withdrawing, deleting, and canceling the application is the same thing. Follow the below path to withdraw/cancel your IPO application Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order you wish to cancel Tap on cancel & confirm to cancel your IPO Order Follow the below path to check your IPO application status Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order for which you want to check the application status Your IPO application status will be visible from here Follow the below path to check your subscription status Tap on IPO on the Home page Click on IPO orders & click on the IPO Order for which you want to check the subscription status Your IPO subscription status will be visible from here Only 1 application per PAN is recommended. Even if you apply via different platforms using the same PAN, your application will be rejected and you will not get the IPO allotment. However, you can increase the chances of IPO allotment by applying with different account linked to different PAN. For example, you can apply with your and your parents demat account separately. Our experts will be happy to assist you Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. For any partnership requests please reach us at 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) Be a Part of IPO Success Stories! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Get the link to download the App Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved Never Miss IPO Investment Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.