URL: https://www.angelone.in/support/fixed-deposits

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More Account Verification Account Verification Consent & Security Eligibility Fixed Deposit Options Payments and Withdrawal Post Purchase Why do I need to verify my mobile number? Verifying your mobile number helps us create a secure account for you, ensuring a smooth app experience and the safety of your account. Can I continue if the mobile number linked to my bank is different from the one registered with the app? No, your details, including your mobile number, must match those verified by our banking partner. A mismatch will result in your application being rejected by the bank. Why are permissions to send SMS and access phone state required? These permissions are needed to verify your mobile number by sending an SMS. Rest assured, these permissions are used solely for verification purposes. Can I link any SIM for FD purchase if I have a dual SIM phone? Yes, you can. However, we recommend using the SIM registered with your bank account for authentication. Can I retry the registration if it was not successful earlier? Yes, you can retry. Ensure you use the SIM linked to your bank account for authentication. Can I invest in FD if I do not have a PAN? No, currently, we only process fixed deposit requests for individuals with an active PAN. Why is my PAN not getting verified? For booking fixed deposits, we need to verify your PAN with the regulated authorities. If there is a mismatch, the booking cannot be completed. What should I do if the name shown against my PAN is incorrect and I can't update it? The name linked to your PAN should be accurate for successful identity verification and KYC purposes. Please update your name to match your PAN. Why is my Aadhar required? Aadhar is mandatory for identification and KYC setup for your account, necessary for processing your FD request. Do I need a physical copy of my Aadhar? No, a physical copy is not required. We use secure platforms like DigiLocker and CKYC for verifying your Aadhar and other documents. What is DigiLocker? DigiLocker is a government initiative under the Digital India project for storing and verifying documents like PAN card, driving license, Aadhar card, school marksheets, and insurance papers. What should I do if there's a name mismatch and I can't complete the step? For successful FD booking, the name on your Aadhar and PAN should match. Correct the details on either your PAN or Aadhar card and retry. How can I add a new address as my current address? Use the “add” button on the address choice screen to add an address that is not listed. What should I do if I can't change my permanent address? The address from your Aadhar is considered your permanent address. You may add or select your current address to proceed with the FD application. Can my permanent address be the same as my current address? Yes, you can select your permanent address as your current address if they are the same. Why is video KYC required? Video KYC is required to complete the KYC verification step as mandated by the RBI. What if I am not available during bank working hours? If you have made the payment, we will notify you when the bank officers are available. If video KYC is not completed within 3 days, your money will be refunded to your bank account. When can I complete the Video KYC? Video KYC is available from Monday to Saturday, 09:00 AM to 08:00 PM. We will notify you to complete the video KYC during these hours if pending. What if video KYC fails? You can retry during banking hours within 2 days of FD booking if your video KYC fails. How will I know the status of my video KYC? Your video KYC details are verified by bank officers, which may take up to 3 hours. Track the video KYC and FD confirmation status on the ‘My Investments’ tab. What should I do if I can't move to the next step and complete my KYC verification? Retry using the correct details. If it still doesn’t work, try again later. If the issue persists, raise a ticket with our support team for assistance. Why are details related to occupation, income, and family required for FD booking? These details are required by the bank to create your fixed deposit and ensure communication if needed. Why is my money deducted before video KYC? Your money is deducted before video KYC as it is the last step to verify your identity and book your FD. Your money is safe with the bank, and interest starts accumulating from the time of payment. In case of issues with VKYC, your money will be refunded within 7 working days. What is required for completing a video KYC? Keep your PAN Card and a blank paper with a pen ready for the VKYC process. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Verifying your mobile number helps us create a secure account for you, ensuring a smooth app experience and the safety of your account. No, your details, including your mobile number, must match those verified by our banking partner. A mismatch will result in your application being rejected by the bank. These permissions are needed to verify your mobile number by sending an SMS. Rest assured, these permissions are used solely for verification purposes. Yes, you can. However, we recommend using the SIM registered with your bank account for authentication. Yes, you can retry. Ensure you use the SIM linked to your bank account for authentication. No, currently, we only process fixed deposit requests for individuals with an active PAN. For booking fixed deposits, we need to verify your PAN with the regulated authorities. If there is a mismatch, the booking cannot be completed. The name linked to your PAN should be accurate for successful identity verification and KYC purposes. Please update your name to match your PAN. Aadhar is mandatory for identification and KYC setup for your account, necessary for processing your FD request. No, a physical copy is not required. We use secure platforms like DigiLocker and CKYC for verifying your Aadhar and other documents. DigiLocker is a government initiative under the Digital India project for storing and verifying documents like PAN card, driving license, Aadhar card, school marksheets, and insurance papers. For successful FD booking, the name on your Aadhar and PAN should match. Correct the details on either your PAN or Aadhar card and retry. Use the “add” button on the address choice screen to add an address that is not listed. The address from your Aadhar is considered your permanent address. You may add or select your current address to proceed with the FD application. Yes, you can select your permanent address as your current address if they are the same. Video KYC is required to complete the KYC verification step as mandated by the RBI. If you have made the payment, we will notify you when the bank officers are available. If video KYC is not completed within 3 days, your money will be refunded to your bank account. Video KYC is available from Monday to Saturday, 09:00 AM to 08:00 PM. We will notify you to complete the video KYC during these hours if pending. You can retry during banking hours within 2 days of FD booking if your video KYC fails. Your video KYC details are verified by bank officers, which may take up to 3 hours. Track the video KYC and FD confirmation status on the ‘My Investments’ tab. Retry using the correct details. If it still doesn’t work, try again later. If the issue persists, raise a ticket with our support team for assistance. These details are required by the bank to create your fixed deposit and ensure communication if needed. Your money is deducted before video KYC as it is the last step to verify your identity and book your FD. Your money is safe with the bank, and interest starts accumulating from the time of payment. In case of issues with VKYC, your money will be refunded within 7 working days. Keep your PAN Card and a blank paper with a pen ready for the VKYC process. Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Verifying your mobile number helps us create a secure account for you, ensuring a smooth app experience and the safety of your account. No, your details, including your mobile number, must match those verified by our banking partner. A mismatch will result in your application being rejected by the bank. These permissions are needed to verify your mobile number by sending an SMS. Rest assured, these permissions are used solely for verification purposes. Yes, you can. However, we recommend using the SIM registered with your bank account for authentication. Yes, you can retry. Ensure you use the SIM linked to your bank account for authentication. No, currently, we only process fixed deposit requests for individuals with an active PAN. For booking fixed deposits, we need to verify your PAN with the regulated authorities. If there is a mismatch, the booking cannot be completed. The name linked to your PAN should be accurate for successful identity verification and KYC purposes. Please update your name to match your PAN. Aadhar is mandatory for identification and KYC setup for your account, necessary for processing your FD request. No, a physical copy is not required. We use secure platforms like DigiLocker and CKYC for verifying your Aadhar and other documents. DigiLocker is a government initiative under the Digital India project for storing and verifying documents like PAN card, driving license, Aadhar card, school marksheets, and insurance papers. For successful FD booking, the name on your Aadhar and PAN should match. Correct the details on either your PAN or Aadhar card and retry. Use the “add” button on the address choice screen to add an address that is not listed. The address from your Aadhar is considered your permanent address. You may add or select your current address to proceed with the FD application. Yes, you can select your permanent address as your current address if they are the same. Video KYC is required to complete the KYC verification step as mandated by the RBI. If you have made the payment, we will notify you when the bank officers are available. If video KYC is not completed within 3 days, your money will be refunded to your bank account. Video KYC is available from Monday to Saturday, 09:00 AM to 08:00 PM. We will notify you to complete the video KYC during these hours if pending. You can retry during banking hours within 2 days of FD booking if your video KYC fails. Your video KYC details are verified by bank officers, which may take up to 3 hours. Track the video KYC and FD confirmation status on the ‘My Investments’ tab. Retry using the correct details. If it still doesn’t work, try again later. If the issue persists, raise a ticket with our support team for assistance. These details are required by the bank to create your fixed deposit and ensure communication if needed. Your money is deducted before video KYC as it is the last step to verify your identity and book your FD. Your money is safe with the bank, and interest starts accumulating from the time of payment. In case of issues with VKYC, your money will be refunded within 7 working days. Keep your PAN Card and a blank paper with a pen ready for the VKYC process. Our experts will be happy to assist you Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. For any partnership requests please reach us at 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Get the link to download the App Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.