URL: https://www.angelone.in/support/add-and-withdraw-funds

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही. Add Funds Add Funds Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout Withdraw Funds Withdrawable Balance Why is my trading balance not updated even after adding funds successfully? If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days. Why am I unable to add funds to my Angel One account? You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One. Why am I unable to add funds using UPI? You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue. Why am I unable to add funds using net banking? You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking. What are the different options available to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options. Can I add funds from any bank account to my Angel One account? No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else. How to add funds to my Angel One account? You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds. Is it mandatory to add funds via bank account registered with Angel One? Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One. Why is my amount debited from bank but not added to my trading balance? If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days. Can I use debit/credit card to add funds to my Angel One account? You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets. Is there a limit on the amount of funds that I can add to my Angel One account? The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: High Volume of Requests : When there is a high volume of fund addition requests, it might take some time to update your balance. Please wait for 15 minutes. Bank Account Issues : Ensure you add funds from the bank account registered with Angel One, and the account should be in your name. If funds are added from an unregistered bank account, the amount might get deducted but will be credited back in 3-4 working days. You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might be trying to add funds from a bank account not registered with your Angel One account. Incorrect UPI ID : The UPI ID used for fund addition might not be mapped to the bank account registered with Angel One. Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One. You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Bank Account Mismatch : The bank account linked with Angel One is different from the one selected in the UPI app. Unregistered UPI ID : Your UPI ID is mapped to a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Timeout : Your UPI request on the app was not accepted within 10 minutes. Transfer Limit Exceeded : Your UPI transfer limit set by your bank is exhausted. Daily Limit Reached : Your daily UPI transaction limit is reached across all UPI apps. Insufficient Balance : You may have an insufficient balance in your bank account. Network Issues : Network failure at the bank’s/provider’s system. Incorrect UPI ID : Your UPI ID (VPA) entered is incorrect. Wrong UPI PIN : You have entered the wrong UPI PIN. Incorrect Method : You are transferring funds to Angel One’s UPI ID directly instead of using the ‘Add Funds’ option on the Angel One app/platform. Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue. You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You are making payments from a bank account that is not registered with Angel One. Mismatched Bank Details : You have added different bank account details on the ‘Add Funds’ page and net banking page. Incorrect Credentials : You have entered incorrect credentials on the bank’s net banking page. Insufficient Balance : You have insufficient balance in your bank account to make the transaction. Transaction Limits : Your bank has placed limits on your transaction amount or the number of transactions. Network Failure : There may be a network failure at the bank’s or provider’s system. Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking. You can add funds using any of the following options. Add funds using payment apps such as PhonePe, Google Pay, etc. Add funds using UPI ID. Add funds using net banking. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options. No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else. You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen. Click on Add Funds . Enter the amount and choose the mode of transfer (Google Pay, PhonePe, other UPI methods, or Net banking). Follow the subsequent steps to authorize your transaction, and the funds will be added to your account. Click here for more details on adding funds. Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One. If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: Unregistered Bank Account : You might have tried to add funds from an unregistered bank account. The debited amount will be credited back to your bank in 3-4 working days. Technical Glitch : There could be a technical glitch at your bank’s end. The debited amount will be refunded in 3-4 working days. You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets. The limit for fund addition via UPI is 1 lakh per day. For net banking, the limit will be applicable as per the bank account. Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One If your trading balance is not updated after a successful fund addition, it could be due to the following reasons: You might be unable to add funds to your Angel One account due to the following reasons: Ensure you add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One. You might be unable to add funds via UPI due to the following reasons: Ensure you follow the correct procedure and check the above points to resolve the issue. You might be unable to add funds via net banking due to the following reasons: Ensure you check these points and follow the correct procedure to add funds via net banking. You can add funds using any of the following options. Please make sure to add funds from your bank account registered with Angel One in all the above options. No, you can add funds only from your bank account registered with Angel One. This is in accordance with SEBI guidelines. You cannot add funds from a bank account that belongs to your spouse, friend, or anyone else. You can add funds online to your Angel One account by following these steps: Click here for more details on adding funds. Yes, as per regulatory guidelines and compliance norms, it is mandatory to transfer funds through the bank accounts registered with Angel One. If the amount is debited from the bank but not added to your Angel One balance, it could be due to the following reasons: You cannot add funds to your Angel One account using your debit or credit card. As per the regulatory guidelines, your transactions should be from a verified bank account. Also, the usage of credit cards is not allowed in the stock markets. Our experts will be happy to assist you Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. For any partnership requests please reach us at 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Get the link to download the App Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.