URL: https://www.angelone.in/support/angel-one-recommendations

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही. Advisory and Recommendations Advisory and Recommendations What are recommendations? Recommendations are stocks suggested by Angel One to help you minimize risk and maximize profit. You can see the recommendations by visiting https://www.angelone.in/trade/home You will find the recommendations under “Top Stock Picks via Advisory” section on this screen. What are the charges for recommendations? We don’t charge any fee for recommendations. The usual trading charges will be levied when a user takes a trade. Recommend me some best growing stocks? Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can also explore the Portfolio advisory on the home screen if you want to buy a group of stocks. Suggest me some stocks for short term or intraday? Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can explore the Portfolio advisory if you want to buy a group of stocks. Suggest me stocks for long term investment? Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can explore the Portfolio advisory if you want to buy a group of stocks. Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Recommendations are stocks suggested by Angel One to help you minimize risk and maximize profit. You can see the recommendations by visiting https://www.angelone.in/trade/home You will find the recommendations under “Top Stock Picks via Advisory” section on this screen. We don’t charge any fee for recommendations. The usual trading charges will be levied when a user takes a trade. Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can also explore the Portfolio advisory on the home screen if you want to buy a group of stocks. Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can explore the Portfolio advisory if you want to buy a group of stocks. Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can explore the Portfolio advisory if you want to buy a group of stocks. Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Recommendations are stocks suggested by Angel One to help you minimize risk and maximize profit. You can see the recommendations by visiting https://www.angelone.in/trade/home You will find the recommendations under “Top Stock Picks via Advisory” section on this screen. We don’t charge any fee for recommendations. The usual trading charges will be levied when a user takes a trade. Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can also explore the Portfolio advisory on the home screen if you want to buy a group of stocks. Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can explore the Portfolio advisory if you want to buy a group of stocks. Angel One provides you recommendations through advisory services. Based on extensive research, we provide portfolio and single stock advisory. To explore the more you can check Single stock advisory on the home screen of Angel One web or mobile platform. Here you will find suggestions for Intraday, Short and Long term stocks. You can explore the Portfolio advisory if you want to buy a group of stocks. Our experts will be happy to assist you Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. For any partnership requests please reach us at 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Get the link to download the App Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.