URL: https://www.angelone.in/support/complaince

We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Track Application Status Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Segment Activation Process Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Fund Payout Status Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Check Order Status Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Brokerage and Charges Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Fund Addition Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Bank Account Addition Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Profile Modification Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More DDPI (POA) process Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Refer and Earn Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही. Trading & Surveillance Trading & Surveillance Risk Management – ASM & GSM What is a surveillance measure? Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more. What is ASM? SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here . What is GSM? GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming. What is the difference between ASM and GSM? The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors. What is the basis of categorizing a scrip under ASM? SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs When will a scrip be classified under GSM? On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume When will a scrip get out of ASM/GSM? Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange. What are the surveillance measures under ASM? Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here . Still need help? Create Ticket Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more. SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here . GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming. The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors. SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange. Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here . Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... Please Wait... SBI Share Price Adani Enterprises Share Price Reliance Share Price Mazagon Dock Share Price ITC Share Price HDFC Bank Share Price Infosys Share Price Adani Ports Share Price TCS Share Price Tata Motors Share Price Trade & Invest Stocks Indices NFO ETF Commodity Upcoming IPO Mutual Funds & SIP SIP Calculator Mutual Funds AMCs Types of Mutual Fund Mutual Fund Screener Learn Live Blog Knowledge Center Smart Money Finance Wiki News Products Angel One Super App Angel One Trade Smart API Become a Partner Authorised Person Mutual Fund Distributor Authorised Person Locator Pricing Support User Manual Read FAQs Contact Us Tata IPL 2025 Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more. SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE here . GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming. The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors. SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters: 1. High Low Variation 2. Client Concentration 3. Close to Close Price Variation 4. Market Capitalization 5. Volume Variation 6. Delivery Percentage 7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category: 1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities 2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade 3. Persistent Noise Creators 4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange. Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM here . Our experts will be happy to assist you Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. For any partnership requests please reach us at 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) Open Free Demat Account! Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Get the link to download the App Trusted by over 3Cr+ clients, Angel One is one of India’s leading retail full-service broking houses. We offer a wide range of innovative services, including online trading and investing, advisory, margin trading facility, algorithmic trading, smart orders, etc. Angel One App is a powerhouse of cutting-edge tools such as basket orders, GTT orders, SmartAPI, advanced charts and others that help you navigate capital markets like a pro. Attention Investors Stock Brokers can accept securities as margin from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f. September 1, 2020. Prevent Unauthorised transactions in your Trading/Demat Account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers/Depository Participant. Receive alerts/information of your transaction/all debit and other important transactions in your Trading/ Demat Account directly from Exchange/CDSL at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary. No need to issue cheques by investors while subscribing to IPO. Just write the bank account number and sign in the application form to authorise your bank to make payment in case of allotment. No worries for refund as the money remains in investor's account. We understand that certain investment advisors may be approaching members of the public including our clients, representing that they are our partners, or representing that their investment advice is based on our research. Please note that we have not engaged any third parties to render any investment advisory services on our behalf. We do not share our research reports or our clients’ personal or financial data with any third parties and have not authorized any such person to represent us in any manner. Persons making investments on the basis of such advice may lose all or a part of their investments along with the fee paid to such unscrupulous persons. Please be cautious about any phone call that you may receive from persons representing to be such investment advisors, or a part of research firm offering advice on securities. Do not make payments through e-mail links, WhatsApp or SMS. Please do not share your personal or financial information with any person without proper verification. Always trade through a registered broker. Issued in public interest by Angel One Limited, having its registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093, Telephone: +91 22 4000 3600, Fax: + 91 22 2835 8811. Disclaimer Investments in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing. We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Angel One Limited, Registered Office: 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Tel: 18001020. CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709, SEBI Regn. No.: INZ000161534-BSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 612), NSE Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 12798), MSEI Cash/F&O/CD (Member ID: 10500), MCX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 12685) and NCDEX Commodity Derivatives (Member ID: 220), CDSL Regn. No.: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS Regn. No.: INP000001546, Research Analyst SEBI Regn. No.: INH000000164, Investment Adviser SEBI Regn. No.: INA000008172, AMFI-registered Mutual Fund Distributor - ARN-77404, (Date of initial Registration -03-12-2009, Current validity of ARN- 02-12-2026). PFRDA Registration No.19092018.Compliance officer: Mr. Bineet Jha, Tel: 18001020 Email: compliance@angelbroking.com . Only for National Pension Scheme (NPS) related grievances please mail to NPSgrievances@angelbroking.com Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) - Mr Karan Dalal, Mo. No : 8655719858 For issues related to cyber attacks, call us at +91-8045070444 or email us at cybersecurityissues@angelone.in For any Law Enforcement Agency notices, please reach out / send notices to legal@angelone.in Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit. Copyright - All rights reserved ₹0 brokerage for first 30 days* Join our 3 Cr+ happy customers Minimal Brokerage Charges ₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year. ARQ Prime Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine Technology Enabled Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy . Do you already have an account? Login Copyright - All rights reserved We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits Disclaimer Privacy Policy Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.